
 







CAPSTONE PROJECT REPORT
Report 3 – Software Requirement Specification









– Hanoi, May 2026 –



Table of Contents
I. Record of Changes	4
II. Software Requirement Specification	5
1. Overall Requirements	5
1.1 Context Diagram	5
1.2 Main Workflows	6
1.3 User Requirements	8
1.4 System Functionalities	15
1.5 Entity Relationship Diagram	19
2. Use Case Specifications	20
2.1 Authentication	20
2.2 Profile Management	25
2.3 User Management	27
2.4 Warehouse Management	33
2.5 Supplier Management	37
2.6 Customer Management	40
2.7 Product Management	46
2.8 Brand Management	53
2.9 Category Management	58
2.10 Unit Management	64
2.11 Inventory Import Management	68
2.12 Inventory Export Management	72
2.13 Stock Transfer Management	76
2.14 Stocktake Management	81
2.15 BOM Management	87
2.16 Warranty Management	94
2.17 Reporting & Analytics	99
3. Functional Requirements	109
3.1 Authentication	109
3.2 Profile Management	121
3.3 User Management	125
3.4 Warehouse Management	138
3.5 Supplier Management	147
3.6 Product Management	158
3.7 Brand Management	165
3.8 Category Management	172
3.9 Unit Management	179
3.10 Inventory Import Management	184
3.11 Inventory Export Management	192
3.12 Stock Transfer Management	197
3.13 Stocktake Management	204
3.14 BOM Management	212
3.15 Warranty Management	222
3.16 Reporting & Analytics	233
4. Non-Functional Requirements	246
4.1 External Interfaces	246
4.2 Quality Attributes	247
5. Requirement Appendix	249
5.1 Business Rules	249
5.2 System Messages	251
5.3 Other Requirements…	252
 
I. Record of Changes

Date	A*
M, D	In charge	Change Description
1/6/2026	A	Hieund	Add context diagram
3/6/2026	M	UyenNT	Modify context diagram
3/6/2026	A	UyenNT	Add actors & description
5/6/2026	A	Hieund	Add Use case diagram of Superadmin, Manager and Staff
6/6/2026	A	Hieund	Add Swimlane diagram (Import and export process), Table list of Use Case
6/6/2026	A	TriNM	Add Use case description of Inventory Export Management
9/6/2026	A	Hieund	Add Screen Flow of Super Admin, Manager and Staff, Use case description of Login and Login with Google
11/6/2026	A	UyenNT	Add UseCase Specifications of 2.14 Import Manager
11/6/2026	A	Hieund	Add ERD Conceptual Diagram. Add Use Case Description for Change Password and Forgot Password
13/6/2026	A	Hieund	Add Use case details for: view account list, view account details, Lock/ Unlock Account
14/6/2026	A	UyenNT	Add UseCase Specifications: View Audit Log, View List WH, Create WH, Update WH, Delete WH, View List Supplier, Create Supplier, View Supplier Details, Update Supplier, Delete Supplier
14/6/2026	A	HungPVC	Add Use Case Specifications: Brand Management, Category Management
15/6/2026	A, M	HungPVC	Add Use Case Specifications: Stocktake Management, Warehouse Transfer Management
Update Brand Management, Category Management
15/6/2026	A	Hieund	Add all of the other Use Case Specifications, Screen Authorization, Entities Description
15/6/2026	A	UyenNT	Add FR of 3.1-Authentication, 3.2-Profile Management, 3.3-User Management, 3.4-Warehouse Management, 3.5-Supplier Management
15/6/2026	A	BoDD	Add FR Unit Management, BOM Management, Report Management 
			
			
			
*A - Added M - Modified D - Deleted
 
II. Software Requirement Specification
1. Overall Requirements
1.1 Context Diagram
The Duy Long Computer Warehouse Management System is developed to support warehouse operations and warranty management activities at Duy Long Computer. The system provides functionalities for inventory management, product management, stock import and export, warranty processing, user management, and reporting.
The context diagram illustrates the system boundary and its interactions with external entities, including Super Admin, Manager, Staff, and Mail Service. These entities exchange information with the system to perform daily operational activities such as managing products, inventory transactions, warranty requests, user accounts, reports, and notifications.
The context diagram provides a high-level overview of the system and defines the external interfaces involved in warehouse and warranty management processes.

   
Figure 01: Context Diagram
The link of the feature tree: Context Diagram

1.2 Main Workflows
1.2.1 Import Process
  
Figure 02: Swimlane Diagram of Import Process
The link of the feature tree: Swimlane_Import


1.2.2 Export Process
  
Figure 03: Swimlane Diagram of Export Process
The link of the feature tree: Swimlane_Import

1.3 User Requirements
1.3.1 Actors
#	Actor	Description
1	Super Admin	Responsible for managing user accounts, role permissions, system configurations, and monitoring system activities through audit logs and reports.
2	Manager	Responsible for managing products, inventory, stock imports, warranty operations, and monitoring business performance through reports and dashboards.
3	Staff	Responsible for performing daily operational activities, including inventory transactions, sales order processing, and warranty handling.
4	Mail Service	External service used to send OTP verification codes and system notifications to users.

Table 01: Actors List
S1.3.2 Use Cases (UC)

ID	Use Case	Feature	Description
UC-01	Login	Authentication	User logs into the system using credentials.
UC-02	Login with Google		User logs into the system using a Google account.
UC-03	Logout		User logs out of the system.
UC-04	Change Password		User changes their account password.
UC-05	Forgot Password		User requests password recovery.
UC-06	View Profile	Profile Management	View personal profile information.
UC-07	Update Profile		Update profile information.
UC-08	View Account List	User Management	View the list of user accounts.
UC-09	Create Account		Create a new user account.
UC-10	View Account Details		View detailed account information.
UC-11	Update Information		Update account information.
UC-12	Lock/Unlock Account		Lock or unlock a user account.
UC-13	Update Functional Permissions		Assign or update user permissions.
UC-14	View System Audit Logs		View system audit logs.
UC-15	View Warehouse List	Warehouse Management	View the list of warehouses.
UC-16	View Warehouse Details		View details of a warehouse
UC-17	Create Warehouse		Create a new warehouse.
UC-18	Update Warehouse		Update warehouse information.
UC-19	Delete Warehouse		Delete a warehouse.
UC-20	View Supplier List	Supplier Management	View the list of suppliers.
UC-21	View Supplier Details		View details of a supplier
UC-22	Create Supplier		Create a new supplier.
UC-23	Update Supplier		Update supplier information.
UC-24	Delete Supplier		Delete a supplier.
UC-25	View Customer List	Customer Management	View the list of customers.
UC-26	View Customer Details		View details of a customer
UC-27	Create Customer		Create a new customer.
UC-28	Update Customer		Update customer information.
UC-29	Delete Customer		Delete a customer.
UC-30	View Product List	Product Management	View the list of products.
UC-31	View Product Details		View details of a product
UC-32	Create Product		Create a new product.
UC-33	Update Product		Update product information.
UC-34	Delete Product		Delete a product.
UC-35	Print Bar Code		Print barcode labels for products.
UC-36	View Brand List	Brand Management	View the list of brands.
UC-37	View Brand Details		View details of a brand
UC-38	Create Brand		Create a new brand.
UC-39	Update Brand		Update brand information.
UC-40	Delete Brand		Delete a brand.
UC-41	View Category List	Category Management	View the list of categories.
UC-42	View Category Details		View details of a category
UC-43	Create Category		Create a new category.
UC-44	Update Category		Update category information.
UC-45	Delete Category		Delete a category.
UC-46	View Unit List	Unit Management	View the list of units.
UC-47	Create Unit		Create a new unit.
UC-48	Update Unit		Update unit information.
UC-49	Delete Unit		Delete a unit.
UC-50	View Import History List	Inventory Import Management	View inventory import history.
UC-51	Create Import Slip		Create a new inventory import slip.
UC-52	View Import Slip Details		View details of an import slip.
UC-53	Update Import Slip		Update an import slip.
UC-54	View Export History List	Inventory Export Management	View inventory export history.
UC-55	Create Export Slip		Create a new inventory export slip.
UC-56	View Export Slip Details		View details of an export slip.
UC-57	Update Export Slip		Update an export slip.
UC-58	View Transfer History List	Stock Transfer Management	View stock transfer history.
UC-59	Create Transfer Slip		Create a stock transfer slip.
UC-60	View Transfer Slip Details		View details of a transfer slip.
UC-61	Update Transfer Slip		Update a transfer slip.
UC-62	View Stocktake History List	Stocktake Management	View stocktake history.
UC-63	Create Stocktake		Create a stocktake session.
UC-64	Select Reference Document		Select a reference document for stocktaking.
UC-65	View Stocktake Details		View stocktake details.
UC-66	Update Stocktake		Update stocktake information.
UC-67	View Assembly and Disassembly History	BOM Management	View assembly/disassembly history.
UC-68	Create Assembly Order		Create an assembly order.
UC-69	Create Disassembly Order		Create a disassembly order.
UC-70	View Assembly/Disassembly Details		View assembly/disassembly details.
UC-71	Update Assembly/Disassembly		Update assembly/disassembly information.
UC-72	View Warranty List	Warranty Management	View the warranty list.
UC-73	View Warranty Detail		View warranty details.
UC-74	Create Repair Ticket		Create a repair ticket.
UC-75	View Repair Ticket List		View repair ticket history.
UC-76	Update Repair Ticket		Update repair ticket information.
UC-77	View Reports	Reporting & Analytics	Access reporting functions.
UC-78	View Inventory On-Hand Balance Report		View inventory on-hand balance report.
UC-79	View Stock Ledger Report		View stock ledger report.
UC-80	View Stock Transfer Report		View stock transfer report.
UC-81	View Debt Report		View debt report.
UC-82	View Dashboard		View dashboard overview.
UC-83	View Inventory Summary Report		View inventory summary report.
UC-84	View Business Process Flow		View business process workflow.

Table 02: Use Case List
1.3.2 Use Case Diagrams
1.3.2.0 UCs for Common User 
  
Figure 04: Use Case Diagram for Common User 
The link of the diagram: Use case Diagram of Common User 
1.3.2.1 UCs for Super Admin
    
Figure 05: Use Case Diagram for Super Admin
The link of the diagram: Use case Diagram of SuperAdmin


1.3.2.2 UCs for Manager
    
Figure 06: Use Case Diagram for Manager
The link of the diagram: Use Case Diagram of Manager
1.3.2.3 UCs for Staff
     
Figure 07: Use Case Diagram for Manager
The link of the diagram: Use Case Diagram of Staff

1.4 System Functionalities
1.4.1 Screens Flow
1.4.1.1 Screen FLow for Super Admin
  
Figure 08: Screen Flow of Super Admin
The link of the diagram: Screen Flow of Super Admin

1.4.1.2 Screen Flow of Manager and Staff

  
Figure 09: Screen Flow of Manager or Staff
The link of the diagram: Screen Flow of Manager or Staff
1.4.2 Screen Authorization 
Screen	Super Admin	Manager	Staff
Login	X	X	X
Forgot Password	X	X	X
Dashboard	X	X	X
Profile	X	X	X
Change Password	X	X	X
Warehouse Management		X	X
Warehouse Details		X	X
Supplier Management		X	X
Supplier Details		X	X
Customer Management		X	X
Customer Details		X	X
Product Management		X	X
Product Details		X	X
Brand Management		X	X
Category Management		X	X
Unit Management		X	X
Inventory Import Management		X	X
Create/Edit Import Slip		X	X
Import Slip Details		X	X
Inventory Export Management		X	X
Create/Edit Export Slip		X	X
Export Slip Details		X	X
Stock Transfer Management		X	X
Transfer Slip Details		X	X
Stocktake Management		X	X
Stocktake Details		X	X
BOM Management		X	X
Warranty Management		X	X
Warranty Details		X	X
Reports & Analytics		X	X
Inventory Dashboard		X	X
User Management	X		
Create User Account	X		
User Details	X		
Permission Management	X		
Audit Logs	X		
Audit Log Details	X		
Super Admin Dashboard	X		
Logout	X	X	X

Table 03: Screen Authorization
1.4.3 Non-UI Functions
#	Feature	System Function	Description
1	Authentication & Authorization	JWT Authentication Service	Generate, validate, and refresh JWT tokens for user authentication and secure API access.
2	Authentication & Authorization	Permission Validation Service	Verify user permissions and roles before allowing access to protected functions and APIs.
3	Customer Management	OTP Verification Service	Generate and validate OTP codes for customer identity verification during registration and online order creation.
4	Customer Management	Customer Lookup API	Retrieve customer information using phone number or email for sales and warranty processes.
5	Inventory Management	Inventory Quantity Update Service	Automatically update inventory quantities after import, export, transfer, assembly, and warranty transactions.
6	Inventory Management	Inventory Validation Service	Validate stock availability and prevent invalid inventory transactions.
7	Inventory Management	Inventory Transfer Service	Process inventory movement between warehouses and update stock records accordingly.
8	Product Management	Barcode/QR Scanning Service	Decode barcode and QR code data to identify products and automatically populate product information.
9	Product Management	BOM Processing Service	Consume component inventory and create finished products based on predefined BOM configurations.
10	Order Management	Online Order Synchronization Service	Synchronize online customer orders with POS and warehouse export processes.
11	Import Management	Import Slip Number Generator	Automatically generate unique import slip identifiers.
12	Export Management	Export Slip Number Generator	Automatically generate unique export slip identifiers.
13	Warranty Management	Warranty Status Tracking Service	Track warranty progress and update repair or warranty request statuses.
14	Warranty Management	Warranty Expiration Validation Service	Verify whether purchased products are still covered under warranty policies.
15	Notification	Email Notification Service	Send emails for account activation, warranty updates, order confirmations, and password recovery.
16	Notification	Warranty Notification Service	Notify customers when warranty status changes or products are ready for collection.
17	Audit & Logging	Audit Logging Service	Record user activities such as login, account changes, permission updates, and inventory transactions.
18	Reporting	Inventory Report Generator	Generate inventory reports including stock balance, import/export history, and inventory movement.
19	Reporting	Debt Report Generator	Generate customer and supplier debt reports and payment summaries.
20	Security	Password Encryption Service	Encrypt and securely store user passwords using hashing algorithms.
21	Security	Route Protection Middleware	Prevent unauthorized direct access to protected APIs and system resources.
22	Data Management	Data Backup Service	Perform scheduled backup of system data for recovery purposes.
23	Data Integration	MISA Data Import Service	Import historical product, customer, supplier, and transaction data exported from MISA.
24	System Monitoring	System Audit Monitoring Service	Monitor and maintain system audit logs for security and compliance purposes.
25	Notification	Unprocessed Order Alert Service	Trigger alerts when customer orders remain unprocessed beyond a configured period (e.g., 5 minutes).

Table 04: Non-UI Function List
1.5 Entity Relationship Diagram
      
Figure 10: ERD Conceptual Diagram
The link of the diagram: ERD Conceptual Diagram
Entities Description
#	Entity	Description
1	Partner	Represents external entities such as Customers and Suppliers. A partner supplies Purchase Orders, places Sale Orders, and has associated Payments.
2	User	Represents internal system employees/staff. Users interact with the system to create key operational documents, including Payments, Sale Orders, Purchase Orders, and Inventory Documents.
3	Payment	Represents financial transactions (inflow/outflow). Created by a User and linked to a specific Partner.
4	Purchase Order	Represents procurement orders supplied by a Partner. It contains a list of Products and, upon execution, automatically generates Inventory Documents (Import Slips).
5	Sale Order	Represents customer orders placed by a Partner. It contains a list of Products and, upon execution, automatically generates Inventory Documents (Export Slips).
6	Assembly Order	Represents manufacturing, assembly, or disassembly tasks. It contains Products (components/finished goods) and generates Inventory Documents to handle component consumption and product receiving.
7	Inventory Document	Represents warehouse stock movements (e.g., Import, Export, or Transfer slips). It can be generated automatically by Orders (PO, SO, Assembly) or created manually by a User, and it directly writes data to update the Inventory Balance.
8	Inventory Balance	Represents the detailed on-hand stock ledger. It tracks the real-time quantity of each Product and indicates the specific Warehouse where the stock is stored.
9	Warehouse	Represents the physical storage locations. It stores the Inventory Balances of various products.
10	Product	The core master data representing goods or items. Products are contained in Orders (PO, SO, Assembly), tracked by Inventory Balances, and individually managed through Serial Numbers.
11	Serial Number	A unique identifier for a specific physical unit of a Product, enabling deep traceability and after-sales services.
12	Warranty	Represents the warranty policies, coverage, and expiration timelines associated with a specific Serial Number.
13	Repair	Represents a maintenance request or repair ticket. It records service actions linked to and covered by an existing Warranty.

Table 05: Entity Description

2. Use Case Specifications
2.1 Authentication
2.1.1 UC 01 - Login
Primary Actors	User (Staff, Manager, Admin)	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a User (Staff, Manager, Admin), I want to login to the system using my registered username and password so that I can be authenticated and access my authorized features such as inventory management, sales, or system administration based on my role.
Preconditions	- The user must have a valid account registered and existing in the system's database.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally.
Postconditions	- The user's session is initialized (Receives an authenticated JWT Token).
- The system grants permissions based on the account's Role and redirects the user to the corresponding homepage/dashboard.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user accesses the application and navigates to the Login screen.
2. The system displays a login form requiring: Username and Password.
3. The user enters a valid Username and Password, then clicks the "Login" button.
4. The system (Frontend) sends an authentication request containing the credentials to the Backend.
5. The Backend verifies the username and password against the database records.
6. Upon successful verification, the Backend generates a JWT Token (containing user ID, username, and Role) and returns it to the Frontend.
7. The system (Frontend) saves the JWT Token and redirects the user to the main interface corresponding to their permissions.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Anticipated error conditions:

E1. Missing mandatory information:
- At step 3 of the Normal Flow, if the user leaves the Username or Password field blank.
- The system prevents submission and displays a validation warning (e.g., "Username cannot be empty" or "Password cannot be empty").

E2. Incorrect login credentials:
- At step 5 of the Normal Flow, if the Username or Password does not match the database records.
- The Backend rejects the authentication.
- The system displays an error message "Incorrect login credentials" and prompts the user to try again.

2.1.2 UC 02 - Login with Google
Primary Actors
User (Staff, Manager, Admin)	Secondary Actors	Google Authentication System (Google OAuth2)
Description	As a User (Staff, Manager, Admin), I want to login to the system using my Google account so that I can quickly authenticate without remembering a separate password and access my authorized features based on my role.
Preconditions	User account has been created & authorized
Postconditions	●	User logs in the system successfully
●	The system tracked successful login into the Activity Log
Normal Sequence/Flow	Login System
1.	User clicks Login button from the page header or accesses an authenticated feature (from a link or type the page URL directly into the address bar)
2.	System show the User Login screen
3.	User types in the login details (email, password)
4.	User clicks the Login button
5.	System validates the login details (BR-01, BR-02)
6.	System allows user to access
7.	System tracks user’s success login to the Activity Log
8.	System directs user to the Home Page (or the previous calling page if any)
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1_Google Login
1.	User clicks Google Login button to login system using Google account
2.	System redirects the user to the Google’s Login screen
3.	User types in the Google account details and chooses to login
4.	Google validates user’s login information successfully and redirect him/her back to the system
5.	Return to step 5 of normal flow.
Step 4_System can’t authenticate the user
User can’t be authenticated & get relevant error message in one of below cases
1.	He/she leaves the Email and/or Password field blank (MSG10)
2.	Input Email or Password are incorrect (MSG09)
3.	Input Email/Password are correct but email has not been verified (MSG11)
4.	The user account is blocked / inactive (MSG12)
If user inputs wrong logging-in details 5 times continuously, system will lock his/her account in 30 minutes (with relevant warning message - MSG13)

2.1.3 UC 03 - Logout

Primary Actors	Super Admin, Manager, Staff (Authenticated Users)	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As an authenticated user (Super Admin, Manager, or Staff), I want to log out of the system so that my active session is terminated, preventing unauthorized access to the warehouse management system.
Preconditions	The user must be logged into the system and have an active session (valid token and role present in localStorage).
Postconditions	●	The active session is terminated (all credentials, tokens, and roles are cleared from localStorage).
●	The user is redirected to the Login page (/login).
●	The user is prevented from accessing protected routes without re-authenticating.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user clicks or hovers over the User Profile dropdown menu (with initials/avatar and username) at the top-right corner of the interface (header).
2.	The system displays the user dropdown menu containing the option Đăng xuất.
3.	The user clicks the Đăng xuất option.
4.	The system clears all user session data from local storage (executes localStorage.clear()).
5.	The system redirects the user to the Login page (/login).
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Automatic Logout on Token Expiration/Invalidation (HTTP 401)
1.	The user performs an action that triggers a request to the backend API.
2.	The backend detects that the JWT token is expired, invalid, or the account has been disabled/blocked, and returns an HTTP 401 Unauthorized status.
3.	The frontend's axios response interceptor captures the 401 status code.
4.	The system automatically removes token and role from localStorage (via localStorage.removeItem('token') and localStorage.removeItem('role')).
5.	The system redirects the user to the Login page (/login).
Alternative Flow 2: Attempting to access protected routes post-logout
1.	The user attempts to manually access any protected page (e.g., /dashboard, /import-history) via the browser's address bar after logging out.
2.	The system's route guard (ProtectedRoute) checks localStorage and finds no token.
3.	The system redirects the user to the Login page (/login) and prevents access to the page content.

2.1.3 UC 04 - Change Password

Primary Actors	Authenticated User	Secondary Actors	Backend System
Description	As a logged-in user, I want to change my current password to a new one so that I can maintain the security of my account and prevent unauthorized access.
Preconditions	The user must be successfully logged into the system and navigating to the "Change Password" section.
Postconditions	The user's password is successfully updated in the database. The user can use the new password for future logins.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user clicks on their profile avatar/dropdown in the header and selects the "Đổi mật khẩu" (Change Password) option.
2.	The system displays the Change Password page.
3.	The user enters their current password, their new password, and confirms the new password.
4.	The user clicks the "Cập nhật mật khẩu" (Update Password) button.
5.	The system validates the inputs, verifying that the current password matches the database record and that the new password and confirmation match.
6.	The system securely updates the password in the database.
7.	The system displays a success message indicating the password was successfully changed.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	●	5a. Incorrect Current Password: If the current password entered by the user is incorrect, the system displays an error message and stops the update process.
●	5b. Passwords Do Not Match: If the new password and confirmation password do not match, the system alerts the user and prevents form submission.
●	5c. Password Complexity Not Met: If the new password lacks required complexity (e.g., must have at least 8 characters including letters and numbers), the system displays a validation error message.
●	4a. User Cancels: If the user clicks the "Hủy bỏ" (Cancel) button at any point, the system discards any input and redirects the user back to the Dashboard page.


Primary Actors	Unauthenticated User	Secondary Actors	Backend System, Email Server
Description	As an unauthenticated user, I want to reset my password using my registered email address so that I can regain access to my account if I forget my password. This process involves verifying the user's identity via a One-Time Password (OTP) sent to their email.
Preconditions	The user must have a registered account with a valid email address. The user is currently not logged into the system.
Postconditions	The user's password is successfully updated in the system, and they are able to log in with the new password.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user navigates to the "Forgot Password" page from the Login screen.
2.	The system prompts the user to enter their registered email address.
3.	The user enters their email and submits the request.
4.	The system validates the email and sends an OTP to the provided email address. The UI transitions to the "Verify OTP" step.
5.	The user retrieves the OTP from their email inbox, enters it into the system, and submits.
6.	The system verifies the OTP. Upon successful verification, the UI transitions to the "Reset Password" step.
7.	The user enters a new password, confirms it, and submits.
8.	The system securely updates the password in the database and displays a success notification via a Toast message.
9.	The system automatically redirects the user back to the Login page after a short delay.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	4a. Email Not Found/Invalid: If the email format is invalid or does not exist in the database, the system displays an error message and prompts the user to try again.
6a. Invalid or Expired OTP: If the entered OTP is incorrect or has expired, the system shows an error message and requires the user to re-enter the OTP or request a new one.
8a. Password Requirements Not Met: If the new password does not meet the security criteria, the system rejects the request and displays a validation error message on the form.

2.1.4 UC 05 - Forgot Password

Primary Actors	Unauthenticated User	Secondary Actors	Backend System, Email Server
Description	As an unauthenticated user, I want to reset my password using my registered email address so that I can regain access to my account if I forget my password. This process involves verifying the user's identity via a One-Time Password (OTP) sent to their email.
Preconditions	The user must have a registered account with a valid email address. The user is currently not logged into the system.
Postconditions	The user's password is successfully updated in the system, and they are able to log in with the new password.
Normal Sequence/Flow	10.	The user navigates to the "Forgot Password" page from the Login screen.
11.	The system prompts the user to enter their registered email address.
12.	The user enters their email and submits the request.
13.	The system validates the email and sends an OTP to the provided email address. The UI transitions to the "Verify OTP" step.
14.	The user retrieves the OTP from their email inbox, enters it into the system, and submits.
15.	The system verifies the OTP. Upon successful verification, the UI transitions to the "Reset Password" step.
16.	The user enters a new password, confirms it, and submits.
17.	The system securely updates the password in the database and displays a success notification via a Toast message.
18.	The system automatically redirects the user back to the Login page after a short delay.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	4a. Email Not Found/Invalid: If the email format is invalid or does not exist in the database, the system displays an error message and prompts the user to try again.
6a. Invalid or Expired OTP: If the entered OTP is incorrect or has expired, the system shows an error message and requires the user to re-enter the OTP or request a new one.
8a. Password Requirements Not Met: If the new password does not meet the security criteria, the system rejects the request and displays a validation error message on the form.

2.2 Profile Management
2.2.1 UC 06 - View Profile
Primary Actors	Super Admin, Manager, Staff (Authenticated Users)	Secondary Actors	Database System (Mocked in Frontend)
Description	As an authenticated user (Super Admin, Manager, or Staff), I want to view my profile details (Full name, Email, Phone number, and System role) so that I can verify my identity information and permissions in the warehouse management system.
Preconditions	The user must be logged into the system and have an active session (valid token and role present in localStorage).
Postconditions	The system successfully displays the user's profile page containing the user's full name, email, phone number, and system role.
The user session remains active.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user clicks or hovers over the User Profile dropdown menu (showing avatar/initials) at the top-right corner of the interface (header).
2.	The system displays the user dropdown menu containing the option Xem thông tin cá nhân.
3.	The user clicks the Xem thông tin cá nhân option.
4.	The system navigates the user to the Profile page (/profile).
5.	The system renders the user's profile card containing:Họ và Tên (Full Name)
6.	Email
7.	Số điện thoại (Phone number)
8.	Vai trò hệ thống (System role)
9.	Note: While the backend has a GET /api/v1/users/me API implemented, the frontend currently renders static/mocked profile details based on the user's role in localStorage instead of calling the backend API.
10.	The user is presented with two action options:Click Đổi mật khẩu to navigate to the change password page (/change-password).
11.	Click Quay lại Dashboard to navigate back to the dashboard page (/dashboard).
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: 
1.	Session Expiration on navigationThe user attempts to navigate to the profile page, but the local token has expired.
2.	The system redirects the user to the Login page (/login) via route guards.

2.2.2 UC 07 - Update Profile
Primary Actors	Super Admin, Manager, Staff (Authenticated Users)	Secondary Actors	Database System
Description	As an authenticated user (Super Admin, Manager, or Staff), I want to update my profile details (Full name, Phone number, Address, or Avatar) so that my contact information remains up to date in the system.
Preconditions	The user must be logged into the system and have an active session (valid token and role present in localStorage). The user must be on their Profile page (/profile).
Postconditions	The user's profile information is successfully updated in the database.
The updated information is rendered on the Profile page.
An audit log is recorded on the backend to log the user profile update event.
Normal Sequence/Flow	The user navigates to the Profile page (/profile) and clicks the proposed Chỉnh sửa thông tin (Edit Info) button.
The system displays the profile details in editable input fields (Họ và Tên, Số điện thoại, Địa chỉ). System role remains read-only.
The user modifies the desired fields.
The user clicks the proposed Lưu thay đổi (Save Changes) button.
The system validates the inputs (e.g., non-empty name, valid phone number format).
The system sends an update request (proposed PUT /api/v1/users/me) containing the updated information to the backend.
The backend updates the database, records an audit log event, and returns an HTTP 200 OK status.
The frontend displays a success message "Cập nhật hồ sơ thành công" and switches back to read-only mode displaying the new data.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: 
1.	User cancels the editThe user clicks the proposed Hủy (Cancel) button while in edit mode.
2.	The system discards any unsaved modifications and reverts the profile page to read-only mode.
Alternative Flow 2: Validation errors (e.g., Invalid Phone Number Format)
1.	The user enters an invalid phone number or leaves required fields empty and clicks Lưu thay đổi.
2.	The system prevents submission and displays an inline validation error message (e.g., "Số điện thoại không hợp lệ" or "Họ và tên không được để trống").
Alternative Flow 3: Backend Database / Network Error
1.	The server is unreachable or fails to save changes, returning an HTTP 500 error.
2.	The system displays an error message "Lỗi kết nối hệ thống. Vui lòng thử lại sau" and keeps the user in edit mode with their input preserved.
2.3 User Management
2.2.1 UC 08 - View Account List

Primary Actors	Super Admin, Manage	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Super Admin or Manager, I want to view the list of user accounts so that I can monitor system personnel, manage their access, review their statuses, and view summary statistics.
Preconditions	1. The actor must be successfully authenticated and logged into the system.
2. The actor must hold the necessary authorization role (SUPER_ADMIN or MANAGER).
Postconditions	The system successfully retrieves and displays the list of user accounts along with system-wide account statistics (Total staff, Active, Pending, Inactive).
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The actor navigates to the "Quản lý người dùng" page from the navigation menu.
2. The system verifies the actor's permissions.
3. The system fetches the list of all user accounts and available roles from the database via the API.
4. The system calculates real-time account statistics and displays them in cards: TỔNG NHÂN SỰ, ĐANG LÀM VIỆC, CHỜ PHÊ DUYỆT, and KHÓA TÀI KHOẢN.
5. The system displays the account list in a tabular format with the exact columns: AVATAR, HỌ VÀ TÊN, MÃ NHÂN VIÊN, BỘ PHẬN, VAI TRÒ, EMAIL, TRẠNG THÁI, and THAO TÁC.
6. The system displays pagination controls at the bottom of the table.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Other successful usage scenarios:

1. Search and Filter Accounts:
- 1.1. In step 5 of the normal flow, the actor enters a keyword in the search bar or clicks the "Bộ lọc" button to apply filter criteria.
- 1.2. The system filters the account list based on the input and immediately updates the table to display the matching results.

2. View Account Details:
- 2.1. In step 5 of the normal flow, the actor clicks on a specific user row or clicks the three-dots icon in the THAO TÁC column and selects "Xem thông tin chi tiết".
- 2.2. The system opens the Employee Drawer displaying comprehensive information about the selected user.

Anticipated error conditions:

1. No Users Found:
- If the database has no users or no users match the applied search/filter criteria, the system displays the message "Không có người dùng nào." inside the table instead of the data rows.

2. Data Fetch Failure:
- If the system fails to retrieve the user list due to a server or network error, the system logs the error to the console and may display an empty table or a loading error state.

3. Unauthorized Access:
- If an actor without the required roles attempts to access the list, the backend API will reject the request (403 Forbidden) and the system will deny access.

2.2.2 UC 09 - Create Account
Primary Actors	Super Admin (or Administrator)	Secondary Actors	Database System
Description	As a Super Admin, I want to create a new employee account in the system so that they can access the warehouse management system with appropriate system roles.
Preconditions	The Super Admin is logged in and has an active session with the account:add permission.
Postconditions	A new user is successfully saved in the database with the default status APPROVED, a hashed default password (123456), and assigned roles.
Normal Sequence/Flow	The Admin navigates to the User Management page (/users) and clicks the Thêm thành viên button.
1.	The system redirects the Admin to the create user page (/users/create).
2.	The Admin fills out the employee form containing:Họ và tên (Required)
3.	Tên đăng nhập (Username) (Required)
4.	Số điện thoại
5.	Địa chỉ Email
6.	Ngày sinh, Ngày vào làm việc chính thức
7.	Số CCCD (Required)
8.	Giới tính (Male / Female / Other)
9.	Chức danh nhân sự, Phòng ban
10.	Địa chỉ thường trú

The Admin tick or unticks the checkbox card Thiết lập tài khoản quản lý hệ thống (Super Admin) to decide the user role.
1.	The Admin clicks the Lưu người dùng button in the action bar.
2.	The system validates the required fields (Họ và tên, Tên đăng nhập).
3.	The system sends a POST request to /api/v1/users with the payload (username, fullName, email, phone, status: 'APPROVED', and roles: ['SUPER_ADMIN'] or ['STAFF']).
4.	The backend hashes the default password, saves the user to the database, logs a CREATE event in the audit log, and returns success (HTTP 200 OK).
5.	The system redirects the Admin back to the User Management list page (/users).
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Missing required fields
1.	The Admin leaves Họ và tên or Tên đăng nhập (Username) blank and clicks Lưu người dùng.
2.	The browser shows an alert: "Vui lòng nhập Họ và tên" or "Vui lòng nhập Tên đăng nhập (Username)".
3.	The system halts submission.
Alternative Flow 2: Username already exists / server-side error
1.	The server returns an error code stating the username is already taken.
2.	The system shows an alert displaying the error message from the API.
Alternative Flow 3: Cancel Account Creation
1.	The Admin clicks Hủy bỏ.
2.	The system discards any input and redirects the Admin back to /users.

2.2.3 UC 10 View Account Details
Primary Actors	Customer	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Super Admin or Manager, I want to view the detailed information of a specific user account so that I can verify their contact details, organizational role, personal information, and assigned system permissions.
Preconditions	1. The actor must be successfully authenticated and logged into the system.
2. The actor must hold the necessary authorization role (SUPER_ADMIN or MANAGER).
3. The actor must be on the "Quản lý người dùng" (User Management) page and the account list must be loaded.
Postconditions	The system successfully opens the Employee Drawer and displays the complete, categorized details of the selected user without modifying any data.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The actor selects a user by clicking directly on their row in the table, OR clicks the three-dots icon in the THAO TÁC column and selects "Xem thông tin chi tiết".
2. The system retrieves the selected user's detailed profile information.
3. The system opens the Employee Drawer on the side of the screen.
4. The system displays the user's header profile, which includes: Avatar, Full Name, Employee Code (Mã NV), Status, and Role badge.
5. The system defaults to displaying the "Thông tin chung" tab, showing: Email công việc, Số điện thoại, Bộ phận, and Chức danh.
6. The actor clicks the "Thông tin nhân viên" tab. The system switches the view to show personal and contract details: Ngày sinh, Giới tính, Địa chỉ thường trú, Số CMND/CCCD, Ngày chính thức, Loại hợp đồng, and Trạng thái.
7. The actor clicks the "Chức năng/Vai trò" tab. The system displays the user's system role access level (either Quản lý hệ thống or Người sử dụng hệ thống).
8. The actor clicks the close icon (X) at the top right of the drawer.
9. The system closes the drawer and returns the actor to the main account list view.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Other successful usage scenarios:
1. Switch to Edit Mode:
- 1.1. In steps 5, 6, or 7 of the normal flow, the actor decides to modify the user's information and clicks the "Chỉnh sửa" button at the bottom of the drawer.
- 1.2. The system transitions the view text into editable form inputs (Input fields, Dropdown selects, Radio buttons) and displays the "Hủy" and "Lưu thay đổi" buttons.

Anticipated error conditions:
1. Data Retrieval Failure:
- If the system fails to fetch the complete user details from the database due to network issues or deleted data, the system will log the error and either display an empty drawer or show an error alert notifying the actor that the data cannot be loaded.

2.2.4 UC 11 Update Information
Primary Actors	Super Admin (or Administrator)	Secondary Actors	Database System
Description	As a Super Admin, I want to edit an employee's profile information and roles from the employee drawer so that the employee data remains accurate.
Preconditions	The Super Admin is logged in and has an active session with the account:edit permission.
Postconditions	The employee's details (Full name, email, phone, and roles) are successfully updated in the database and logged.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The Admin navigates to the User Management page (/users) and clicks on a user row.
2.	The system slides open the EmployeeDrawer in read-only mode, showing tabs: Thông tin chung, Thông tin nhân viên, and Chức năng/Vai trò.
3.	The Admin clicks the Chỉnh sửa button in the footer of the drawer.
4.	The system displays editable inputs/dropdowns for fields (Email, Số điện thoại, Bộ phận, Chức danh, etc.).
5.	The Admin updates the fields and clicks Lưu thay đổi.
6.	The system displays a confirmation modal:
●	If system role is Admin, modal displays: "Xác nhận cấp quyền Quản trị tối cao". Admin clicks Xác nhận cấp quyền.
●	If system role is User, modal displays: "Xác nhận chuyển sang thiết lập quyền chi tiết". Admin clicks Tiếp tục.
7.	The frontend sends a PUT request to /api/v1/users/{id} with the updated info (fullName, email, phone, and roles).
8.	The backend updates the database, writes an UPDATE event in the audit log, and returns success (HTTP 200 OK).
9.	The frontend refreshes the users list. If Tiếp tục was clicked, the Admin is redirected to the permissions page (/users/{id}/permissions). If not, the drawer is closed.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Cancel changes inside drawer
1.	The Admin clicks Hủy in the drawer footer while in edit mode.
2.	The drawer reverts the inputs to original data and returns to read-only view.
Alternative Flow 2: Cancel from Confirmation Modal
1.	The Admin clicks Hủy inside the confirmation modal.
2.	The system closes the modal, leaving the drawer in edit mode with inputs preserved.

2.2.5 UC 12  Lock/ Unlock Account

Primary Actors	Super Admin	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Super Admin, I want to lock or unlock a user account so that I can restrict or restore their access to the system based on security concerns or their current employment status.
Preconditions	1. The actor must be successfully authenticated and logged into the system.
2. The actor must hold the SUPER_ADMIN authorization role.
3. The actor must be on the "Quản lý người dùng" page and the account list must be loaded.
Postconditions	The system successfully updates the selected user's status in the database (to INACTIVE or APPROVED), and refreshes the data table to reflect the new status badge.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The actor locates an active user in the table (Status is showing as "Đang hoạt động").
2. The actor clicks the three-dots icon in the THAO TÁC column for that specific user.
3. The system displays a dropdown action menu.
4. The actor clicks the "Khóa tài khoản" option.
5. The system sends an API request to the backend to change the user's status to INACTIVE.
6. The system successfully processes the update in the database.
7. The system automatically fetches the latest user list and updates the UI, changing the user's status badge to "Đã khóa".
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Other successful usage scenarios:
1. Unlock Account (Mở khóa tài khoản):
- 1.1. The actor locates a locked user in the table (Status is showing as "Đã khóa").
- 1.2. The actor clicks the three-dots icon in the THAO TÁC column.
- 1.3. The actor clicks the "Mở khóa tài khoản" option.
- 1.4. The system sends an API request to change the status to APPROVED.
- 1.5. The system successfully updates the database and refreshes the table, changing the user's status badge back to "Đang hoạt động".

Anticipated error conditions:
1. Status Update Failure:
- If the system encounters an error while updating the status (e.g., database connection lost, network timeout), the system logs the error to the console and displays a browser alert: "Có lỗi xảy ra khi thay đổi trạng thái tài khoản."
- The user's status on the UI remains unchanged.

2. Unauthorized Access:
- If an actor without the SUPER_ADMIN role (e.g., a Manager) attempts to perform this action via the API, the backend will return a 403 Forbidden error.
- The system will block the status change and display the standard error alert.

2.2.6 UC 13 - Update Functional Permissions 
Primary Actors	Super Admin (or Administrator)	Secondary Actors	Database System
Description	As a Super Admin, I want to dynamically assign/modify detailed module-level permissions for a Staff user so that their access is limited to their exact job requirements.
Preconditions	The Super Admin is logged in and has an active session with the auth:edit permission. The target account must have the STAFF role.
Postconditions	The updated permissions are saved in the database, immediately updating the Staff member's dynamic authorization rules.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The Admin clicks the action menu button (⋮) in the user list and selects Phân quyền chức năng (or gets redirected here from the Employee Drawer).
2.	The system redirects the Admin to the detailed permissions page (/users/{id}/permissions).
3.	The system checks if the user role includes STAFF, then displays the permission categories sidebar (Quản lý kho, Danh mục, Báo cáo, Quản trị hệ thống) and actions matrix (Toàn quyền, Xem, Thêm, Sửa, Xóa, Xuất Excel, In).
4.	The Admin selects a category and checks/unchecks the desired actions.
5.	The Admin clicks the Lưu thay đổi button in the footer.
6.	The system compiles checked permission codes (e.g. import:view) and sends a PUT request to /api/v1/users/{id}/permissions.
7.	The backend saves the list of permission codes to the database, logs the event in the audit log, and returns success (HTTP 200 OK).
8.	The system alerts "Cập nhật phân quyền thành công!" and redirects the Admin back to the User Management page (/users).
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: User is not STAFF (Dynamic permissions restricted)
1.	The system detects the target user is not a STAFF member.
2.	The system alerts: "Chỉ tài khoản Nhân viên (STAFF) mới được phép phân quyền động."
3.	The system redirects the Admin back to /users.
Alternative Flow 2: Cancel modifications
1.	The Admin clicks the Hủy button in the footer.
2.	The system discards all checkbox selections and redirects the Admin back to /users.

2.2.7 UC 14 - View System Audit Logs
Primary Actors
Super Admin
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As an Admin, I want to view the system audit logs so that I can track user activities, operations, and system events across different modules (Warehouse, Sales, System, Users).
Preconditions
The Admin must be logged into the system with appropriate permissions to view system logs.
Postconditions
The system displays the list of audit logs based on the selected filters.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. The Admin navigates to the "System Log" page from the menu.
2. The system displays the audit log page with a default list of recent activities, showing Time, User, Action, Module, Detailed Content, and IP Address.
3. The Admin can view the list of logs and use pagination to navigate through multiple pages.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Filter Logs
1. The Admin selects a date range, module, or enters a user's name/ID in the search bar.
2. Clicks the "Search" button.
3. The system filters the logs based on the criteria and displays the updated list.

Alternative Flow 2: No Logs Found
If the filter criteria do not match any records, the system displays a "No records found" message.

2.4 Warehouse Management
2.4.1 UC 15  - View Warehouse List
Primary Actors
Manager / Staff	
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager or Staff, I want to view the list of all warehouses so that I can see their status, locations, and basic details.
Preconditions
The Manager or Staff must be logged into the system.
Postconditions
The system displays the list of warehouses.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. The user navigates to the "Warehouse" section from the sidebar menu.
2. The system displays the "Warehouse Management" page containing a list of warehouses with details such as Code, Name, Address, Status, Branch, and action buttons.
3. The user can view the warehouse records and use pagination to browse through the list.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Search/Filter
1. The user enters search criteria such as Warehouse Code, Name, Address, or selects a Status/Branch.
2. Clicks the "Filter Data" button.
3. The system displays the matching warehouses.
Alternative Flow 2: Export Excel
1. The user clicks the "Export Excel" button.
2. The system generates and downloads an Excel file of the current list.

2.4.2 UC  16 - View Warehouse Details
Primary Actors
Manager / Staff	
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager or Staff, I want to view the detailed information of a specific warehouse including its general information, statistics, and activity history to monitor its operational status and inventory metrics.
Preconditions
The Manager or Staff must be logged into the system, and the target warehouse must exist.
Postconditions
The system displays the detailed information page of the selected warehouse.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. From the Warehouse list page, the user clicks the "View" (Eye icon) button or clicks on a specific warehouse record.
2. The system navigates to the Warehouse Details page, defaulting to the "General Info" (Thông tin chung) tab.
3. The system displays the warehouse name, status, and key metrics (Total products, Total inventory, Inventory value).
4. The system displays basic information (Code, Name, Address, Manager Account, Branch, Creator info), actual location on a map, and urgent notifications (if any).
5. The user views the detailed information.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Switch Tabs
1. The user clicks on the "Statistics" (Thống kê) or "Activity History" (Lịch sử hoạt động) tab.
2. The system loads and displays the respective data and charts for the selected tab.

Alternative Flow 2: View Urgent Notification
1. The user clicks the "View Now" (Xem ngay) button on an urgent notification card (e.g., expiring items).
2. The system navigates the user to the relevant inventory or report page to resolve the issue.

Alternative Flow 3: Initiate Edit or Delete
1. The user clicks the "Edit" or "Delete" button at the top of the page.
2. The system initiates the respective Update WH or Delete WH use case flows.

2.4.3 UC 17  - Create Warehouse
Primary Actors
Manager	
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager, I want to create a new warehouse in the system so that I can manage inventory in a new location.
Preconditions
The Manager must be logged into the system.
Postconditions
A new warehouse is added to the system and appears in the warehouse list.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. From the "Warehouse Management" page, the Manager clicks the "Add Warehouse" button.
2. The system opens a "Create Warehouse" modal with required and optional fields.
3. The Manager fills in all required fields (Warehouse Code, Name) and optional fields (Manager, Address, Description).
4. The Manager clicks the "Create" button.
5. The system validates the input, creates the new warehouse record, closes the modal, and shows a success notification.
6. The system updates the warehouse list to include the newly created warehouse.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Validation Error
1. The Manager leaves required fields empty or enters a duplicate Warehouse Code.
2. Clicks "Create".
3. The system displays an error message indicating invalid fields.
4. The Manager corrects the errors and submits again.

Alternative Flow 2: Cancel Creation
1. The Manager clicks the "Cancel" button or close icon.
2. The system discards the input and closes the modal without saving.

2.4.4 UC  18 - Update Warehouse
Primary Actors
Manager
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager, I want to update an existing warehouse's details so that the system reflects its most current information.
Preconditions
The Manager must be logged into the system, and the target warehouse must exist.
Postconditions
The selected warehouse's details are updated in the system.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. From the Warehouse list, the Manager clicks the "Edit" icon/button for a specific warehouse.
2. The system opens the "Edit Warehouse" modal populated with the current details of the warehouse.
3. The Manager modifies the desired fields.
4. The Manager clicks the "Update warehouse" button.
5. The system validates the input, updates the record, closes the modal, and displays a success notification.
6. The system refreshes the data to show the updated information.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Validation Error
1. The Manager leaves required fields empty or enters a duplicate Warehouse Code.
2. Clicks "Update warehouse".
3. The system displays an error message indicating invalid fields.
4. The Manager corrects the errors and submits again.

Alternative Flow 2: Cancel Update
1. The Manager clicks the "Cancel" button or close icon.
2. The system discards the changes and closes the modal.

2.4.5 UC  19 - Delete Warehouse
Primary Actors
Manager
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager, I want to delete a warehouse from the system when it is no longer in use, ensuring the system data is clean and accurate.
Preconditions
The Manager must be logged into the system. The target warehouse must not have active inventory or dependent constraints preventing deletion.
Postconditions
The selected warehouse is permanently removed from the system.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. From the Warehouse list, the Manager clicks the "Delete" (Trash) icon/button.
2. The system displays a confirmation modal warning the user that the action cannot be undone.
3. The Manager clicks the "Delete warehouse" confirmation button.
4. The system deletes the warehouse record, closes the modal, and displays a success notification.
5. The system refreshes the warehouse list to remove the deleted warehouse.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Cancel Deletion
1. In the confirmation modal, the Manager clicks the "Cancel" button.
2. The system closes the modal without deleting the warehouse.

Alternative Flow 2: Deletion Prevented
1. If the warehouse contains active inventory or dependencies, the system displays an error message preventing deletion and suggests checking inventory first.


2.5 Supplier Management
2.5.1 UC 20 - View Supplier List
Primary Actors
Manager / Staff	
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager or Staff, I want to view the list of suppliers and aggregate debt statistics so that I can manage supplier information and track overall payables.
Preconditions
The Manager or Staff must be logged into the system.
Postconditions
The system displays the supplier list and overall KPI statistics.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. The user navigates to the "Categories" (Danh mục) section and selects "Suppliers" from the menu.
2. The system displays KPI cards showing Overdue Debt, Total Payable Debt, and Paid Amount (30 days).
3. The system displays a data table of suppliers with details such as Code, Name, Address, Debt Amount, Tax Code, and Functions.
4. The user can view the list and use pagination to browse through records.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Search/Filter
1. The user enters search terms (e.g., Name, Code) or clicks "Filter" to apply specific criteria.
2. The system updates the list to display matching suppliers.

Alternative Flow 2: Quick Action (Create Purchase Order)
1. The user clicks on the "Functions" column (e.g., Lập CT mua hàng) for a specific supplier to quickly initiate a transaction.

2.5.2 UC 21 - View Supplier Details
Primary Actors
Manager / Staff		Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager or Staff, I want to view the detailed profile of a specific supplier including general info, transaction history, and detailed debt to manage the relationship effectively.
Preconditions	The user must be logged into the system, and the target supplier must exist.
Postconditions	The system displays the detailed information page of the selected supplier.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. From the Supplier list, the user clicks on a specific supplier's name or row.
2. The system navigates to the Supplier Details page, displaying supplier-specific KPI cards (Overdue Debt, Total Payable, Paid Amount).
3. The system defaults to the "General Info" (Thông tin chung) tab, showing basic info, a list of contact persons, bank accounts, and a map location.
4. The user views the detailed profile information.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Switch Tabs
1. The user clicks on "Transaction history" (Lịch sử giao dịch), "Detailed debt" (Công nợ chi tiết), or "Attachments" (Tệp đính kèm) tabs.
2. The system loads and displays the respective data related to the supplier.

Alternative Flow 2: Initiate Edit or Delete
1. The user clicks the "Edit" (Chỉnh sửa) or "Delete" (Xóa) button at the top right.
2. The system invokes the respective Update Supplier or Delete Supplier use case flows.

2.5.3 UC 22 - Create Supplier
Primary Actors
Manager
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager, I want to add a new supplier (Organization or Individual) into the system to manage purchases and payables.
Preconditions
The Manager must be logged into the system.
Postconditions
A new supplier record is created and appears in the supplier list.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. From the Supplier list page, the Manager clicks the "Add new" (Thêm mới) button.
2. The system opens the "Add Supplier" modal, prompting the user to select the type (Organization or Individual).
3. The Manager fills in basic required and optional fields (Code, Tax Code, Phone, Supplier Name, Website, Address, Supplier Group).
4. The Manager switches between tabs (Contact Info, Payment Terms, Bank Accounts, Notes) to enter additional details.
5. The Manager clicks the "Save" (Lưu) button.
6. The system validates the input, creates the record, closes the modal, and shows a success notification.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Save & Add Another
1. The Manager clicks "Save & Add another" (Lưu & Thêm tiếp).
2. The system saves the current supplier and resets the modal form to allow adding the next one immediately.

Alternative Flow 2: Validation Error
1. The Manager leaves required fields (e.g., Supplier Name) empty.
2. The system displays an error message preventing submission until corrected.

Alternative Flow 3: Cancel Creation
1. The Manager clicks the "Cancel" (Hủy) button.
2. The system discards all inputs and closes the modal.
2.5.4 UC 23 - Update Supplier
Primary Actors
Manager
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager, I want to modify an existing supplier's information to keep their profile, contacts, and bank details up to date.
Preconditions
The Manager must be logged into the system, and the target supplier must exist.
Postconditions
The selected supplier's details are updated in the system.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. From the Supplier list or Details page, the Manager clicks the "Edit" (Chỉnh sửa) button for a supplier.
2. The system opens the "Edit Supplier" modal populated with the current data across all tabs.
3. The Manager modifies the desired fields.
4. The Manager clicks the "Update" (Cập nhật) button.
5. The system validates the input, updates the record, closes the modal, and displays a success notification.
6. The system refreshes the data to show the updated supplier information.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Validation Error
1. The Manager leaves required fields empty.
2. The system displays an error message preventing the update.

Alternative Flow 2: Cancel Update
1. The Manager clicks the "Cancel" (Hủy) button.
2. The system discards any changes made and closes the modal.

2.5.5 UC 24 - Delete Supplier
Primary Actors
Manager
Secondary Actors
None
Description
As a Manager, I want to remove a supplier from the system when we no longer do business with them, provided they have no active transactions or outstanding debt.
Preconditions
The Manager must be logged into the system. The target supplier must not have active purchase orders or unpaid debts preventing deletion.
Postconditions
The selected supplier is permanently removed from the system.
Normal Sequence/Flow
1. From the Supplier list or Details page, the Manager clicks the "Delete" (Xóa) icon/button.
2. The system displays a confirmation modal warning the user that the action cannot be undone ("Bạn có chắc chắn muốn xóa nhà cung cấp... Hành động này không thể hoàn tác").
3. The Manager clicks the "Confirm Delete" (Xác nhận xóa) button.
4. The system deletes the supplier record, closes the modal, and displays a success notification.
5. The system refreshes the list to remove the deleted supplier.
Alternative Sequences/Flows
Alternative Flow 1: Cancel Deletion
1. In the confirmation modal, the Manager clicks the "Cancel" (Hủy) button.
2. The system closes the modal without deleting the supplier.

Alternative Flow 2: Deletion Prevented
1. If the supplier has outstanding debt or linked transactions, the system displays an error message preventing deletion and suggests settling debts first.
2.6 Customer Management
2.6.1 UC 25 - View Customer List
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view customer list so that I can review accurate customer management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Customer Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested customer data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Customer Management.
3. The user navigates to the Customer List screen.
4. The system retrieves customer records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any customer records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.6.2 UC 26 -View Customer Detail
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff 	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager or Staff member, I want to view a customer's detailed profile, contact details, payment terms, and ledger history so that I can manage client accounts and track outstanding debts. 
Preconditions	1. The user must be logged in with appropriate permission (e.g., customer:view).
2. The user must navigate to the Customer page (/customers).
Postconditions	The system renders the customer details drawer (CustomerDrawer) containing three sections: General Info, Debt History, and Transaction History.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user clicks on a customer row in the table, or clicks the eye icon (icon bi-eye) in the action column.
2.	The system opens the CustomerDrawer sliding from the right.
3.	The system triggers an API request to the backend: GET /api/v1/partners/{id}.
4.	The backend queries the database (PARTNERS table), joins related tables, and returns a 200 OK response.
5.	The system renders the customer details on the drawer:
●	Customer Name, Customer Code, Customer Type Badge, and Status Badge in the header.
●	A tab menu with three buttons: "Thông tin chung", "Lịch sử công nợ", and "Lịch sử giao dịch".
6.	The user views the default active "Thông tin chung" tab displaying:
●	Số điện thoại (Phone), Email, Địa chỉ (Address), Mã số thuế (Tax Code)
●	Hạn mức công nợ (Credit Limit), Số ngày được nợ (Payment Term Days)
●	Nhóm khách hàng (Group Type: RETAIL, WHOLESALE, DISTRIBUTOR)
●	Tài khoản ngân hàng (Account Number, Bank Name, Beneficiary Name)
7.	The user clicks the "Lịch sử công nợ" (Debt History) tab. The system updates the view to show a table of ledger records (from PARTNER_LEDGER) showing debt increases, receipts, and balances after.
8.	The user clicks the "Lịch sử giao dịch" (Transaction History) tab. The system updates the view to show a list of sales orders (from SALES_ORDERS) associated with this customer.
9.	The user clicks the close button (icon bi-x-lg) or clicks outside the drawer on the overlay.
10.	The system closes the drawer.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Click Customer Code link
1.	In the customer list table, the user clicks the customer code link (e.g. KH-0001).
2.	The system opens the CustomerDrawer directly. Execution continues from step 3 of the Normal Flow.
Alternative Flow 2: Transition to Edit mode
1.	Inside the customer details drawer, the user clicks the button "Chỉnh sửa" in the footer.
2.	The system turns the customer details into input fields, allowing updates to contact details, tax code, bank info, and credit limits.
3.	The user updates the fields and clicks "Lưu thay đổi". The system saves the updates via API PUT /api/v1/partners/{id} and returns to read-only mode.
Alternative Flow 3: Error Loading Customer details
1.	If the API request to fetch details fails (e.g., database connection timeout or resource not found), the system displays an error alert: "Không thể lấy thông tin khách hàng." and keeps the drawer closed.

2.6.3 UC 27 - Create Customer
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create customer so that new customer management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Customer Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new customer record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create customer records.
3. The user navigates to the Customer List screen.
4. The user clicks the Create/New button.
5. The system displays the Customer creation form.
6. The user enters all required information.
7. The user clicks Save.
8. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, and uniqueness rules.
9. The system saves the new customer record to the database.
10. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
11. The system displays a success message and redirects the user to the Customer Detail screen or List screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Missing mandatory information
1. The user leaves one or more required fields blank.
2. The system prevents saving and displays validation messages next to the missing fields.
3. The user enters the missing information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Invalid data format
1. The system detects an invalid input format such as wrong email format, invalid phone number, negative quantity, invalid date, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system highlights the invalid fields and displays the relevant validation messages.
3. The user corrects the invalid information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The system detects duplicated information such as code, name, serial number, email, phone number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Save failed
1. The database or backend service cannot save the record.
2. The system displays a failure message and keeps the entered data on the screen.
3. The user retries after the issue is resolved.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.6.4 UC 28 - Update Customer
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update customer so that incorrect or changed customer management information can be corrected while preserving traceability. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Customer Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The customer information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update customer records.
3. The user navigates to the Customer List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user opens the record detail screen.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the Customer update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user modifies the needed information.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, uniqueness rules, and business constraints.
10. The system saves the updated customer information.
11. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
12. The system displays a success message and returns the user to the detail screen or list screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - Record not found
1. The search condition does not match any record or the selected record no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Record not found".
3. The user returns to the list and searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record is locked or not editable
1. The system checks the record status.
2. The record is already posted, cancelled, deleted, inactive, or linked to a locked transaction.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a message explaining why the record cannot be updated.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid or missing updated data
1. The system detects missing required fields, invalid format, invalid date range, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system displays validation errors.
3. The user corrects the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The updated value duplicates an existing code, name, email, phone number, serial number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Concurrent update conflict
1. Another user updates the same record before the current user saves.
2. The system detects the data version conflict.
3. The system asks the user to reload the latest data before saving again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.6.5 UC 29 - Delete Customer
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with delete permission, I want to delete customer so that obsolete customer management master data can be removed or deactivated safely. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Customer Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The customer record is deleted or marked inactive successfully.
- The delete/deactivate action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related historical transaction data remains traceable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to delete or deactivate customer records.
3. The user navigates to the Customer List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user selects the record and clicks Delete/Deactivate.
5. The system displays a confirmation dialog.
6. The user confirms the action.
7. The system validates that the record has no active dependencies or restricted status.
8. The system deletes the customer record or changes its status to Inactive.
9. The system records the delete/deactivate action in the Activity Log.
10. The system displays a success message and refreshes the list. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - User cancels deletion
1. The user chooses Cancel in the confirmation dialog.
2. The system closes the dialog.
3. No data is changed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.1 - Record has linked transactions
1. The system finds that the record is referenced by import slips, export slips, sales orders, warranties, reports, or other historical documents.
2. The system blocks physical deletion to preserve traceability.
3. The system displays a message and suggests deactivation if allowed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.2 - Record is already inactive or not found
1. The selected record has already been deleted/inactivated or no longer exists.
2. The system displays a relevant message.
3. The system refreshes the list.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 



2.7 Product Management
2.7.1 UC 30 - View Product List
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view product list so that I can review accurate product management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Product Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested product data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Product Management.
3. The user navigates to the Product List screen.
4. The system retrieves product records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any product records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.7.2 UC 31 - View Product Detail
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff 	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager or Staff member, I want to view a product's full specifications, images, variants with prices, and detailed stock balances in different warehouses so that I can inspect inventory catalogs and assist in procurement or sales operations. 
Preconditions	1. The user must be logged in with view permission (e.g., product:view).
2. The user must navigate to the Product page (/products). 
Postconditions	The system renders the product details drawer (ProductDetailDrawer) displaying general attributes, variant listings, and warehouse stocks. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user clicks on the product code link (codeCell) in the products table.
2.	The system opens the ProductDetailDrawer sliding in from the right.
3.	The system calls backend endpoint: GET /api/v1/products/{id}.
4.	The backend retrieves the product details, variants, images, and inventory balance from database (joining tables PRODUCTS, PRODUCT_VARIANTS, INVENTORY_BALANCES) and returns 200 OK.
5.	The system renders the drawer:
●	Product Image (or placeholder), Product Name (productName), Product Code (productCode), and active status badge in the header.
●	A tab navigation bar: "Thông tin chung", "Các phiên bản", and "Tồn kho chi tiết".
6.	The user inspects the active "Thông tin chung" (General Info) tab, displaying:
●	Tính chất (Product Type: Hàng hóa / Dịch vụ / Thành phẩm)
●	Thương hiệu (Brand Name), Nhóm danh mục (Category Name)
●	Đơn vị tính (Unit Name), Giảm thuế theo quy định (Tax Reduction Status)
●	Mô tả chi tiết (Detailed Description)
●	Thiết lập quản lý: Checkboxes for Serial tracking (track_serial) and Lot tracking (track_lot).
7.	The user clicks the "Các phiên bản" (Variants) tab. The system renders a table listing product variants (from PRODUCT_VARIANTS) displaying:
●	Mã SKU (SKU Code), Tên phiên bản (Variant Name), Giá vốn (Cost Price), Giá bán (Sale Price), and Thông số kỹ thuật (Specs).
8.	The user clicks the "Tồn kho chi tiết" (Detailed Inventory) tab. The system renders a table of stock balances (from INVENTORY_BALANCES) showing:
●	Kho hàng (Warehouse name), Số lượng tồn thực tế (Quantity on Hand), Số lượng giữ hàng (Reserved Quantity).
9.	The user clicks the close button (icon bi-x-lg) or clicks outside on the overlay.
10.	The system closes the drawer.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Edit from product details view
1.	Inside the details drawer, the user clicks the "Sửa" button in the footer.
2.	The system closes the drawer and displays the product edit modal (showModal = true) containing the form inputs.
3.	The user modifies inputs and clicks the "Cất" (Save) button. The system submits changes via PUT /api/v1/products/{id} and reloads the table.
Alternative Flow 2: Error Loading Product details
1.	If the API request fails, the system displays an error alert: "Không thể tải chi tiết hàng hóa." and the drawer stays closed.

2.7.3 UC 32 -  Create Product
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create product so that new product management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Product Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new product record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create product records.
3. The user navigates to the Product List screen.
4. The user clicks the Create/New button.
5. The system displays the Product creation form.
6. The user enters all required information.
7. The user clicks Save.
8. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, and uniqueness rules.
9. The system saves the new product record to the database.
10. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
11. The system displays a success message and redirects the user to the Product Detail screen or List screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Missing mandatory information
1. The user leaves one or more required fields blank.
2. The system prevents saving and displays validation messages next to the missing fields.
3. The user enters the missing information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Invalid data format
1. The system detects an invalid input format such as wrong email format, invalid phone number, negative quantity, invalid date, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system highlights the invalid fields and displays the relevant validation messages.
3. The user corrects the invalid information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The system detects duplicated information such as code, name, serial number, email, phone number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Save failed
1. The database or backend service cannot save the record.
2. The system displays a failure message and keeps the entered data on the screen.
3. The user retries after the issue is resolved.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.7.4 UC 33 - Update Product
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update product so that incorrect or changed product management information can be corrected while preserving traceability. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Product Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The product information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update product records.
3. The user navigates to the Product List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user opens the record detail screen.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the Product update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user modifies the needed information.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, uniqueness rules, and business constraints.
10. The system saves the updated product information.
11. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
12. The system displays a success message and returns the user to the detail screen or list screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - Record not found
1. The search condition does not match any record or the selected record no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Record not found".
3. The user returns to the list and searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record is locked or not editable
1. The system checks the record status.
2. The record is already posted, cancelled, deleted, inactive, or linked to a locked transaction.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a message explaining why the record cannot be updated.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid or missing updated data
1. The system detects missing required fields, invalid format, invalid date range, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system displays validation errors.
3. The user corrects the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The updated value duplicates an existing code, name, email, phone number, serial number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Concurrent update conflict
1. Another user updates the same record before the current user saves.
2. The system detects the data version conflict.
3. The system asks the user to reload the latest data before saving again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.7.5 UC 34 - Delete Product
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with delete permission, I want to delete product so that obsolete product management master data can be removed or deactivated safely. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Product Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The product record is deleted or marked inactive successfully.
- The delete/deactivate action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related historical transaction data remains traceable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to delete or deactivate product records.
3. The user navigates to the Product List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user selects the record and clicks Delete/Deactivate.
5. The system displays a confirmation dialog.
6. The user confirms the action.
7. The system validates that the record has no active dependencies or restricted status.
8. The system deletes the product record or changes its status to Inactive.
9. The system records the delete/deactivate action in the Activity Log.
10. The system displays a success message and refreshes the list. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - User cancels deletion
1. The user chooses Cancel in the confirmation dialog.
2. The system closes the dialog.
3. No data is changed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.1 - Record has linked transactions
1. The system finds that the record is referenced by import slips, export slips, sales orders, warranties, reports, or other historical documents.
2. The system blocks physical deletion to preserve traceability.
3. The system displays a message and suggests deactivation if allowed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.2 - Record is already inactive or not found
1. The selected record has already been deleted/inactivated or no longer exists.
2. The system displays a relevant message.
3. The system refreshes the list.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.7.6 UC 35 - Print Bar Code
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	Barcode Printer 
Description	As a Manager or Staff member, I want to print barcode labels for products so that warehouse staff can identify and handle items more quickly. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Product Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- Barcode labels are generated and sent to the printer successfully.
- The printing action is recorded if print auditing is enabled. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to print barcodes.
3. The user navigates to the Product List or Product Detail screen.
4. The user selects one or more products/variants/serial numbers for barcode printing.
5. The user selects barcode template, label quantity, and printer if applicable.
6. The user clicks Print Barcode.
7. The system validates selected products, barcode data, and label quantity.
8. The system generates barcode labels.
9. The system sends the labels to the barcode printer or exports them as a printable file.
10. The system displays a success message. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No product selected
1. The user clicks Print Barcode without selecting any product, variant, or serial number.
2. The system displays a validation message.
3. The user selects at least one item.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.1 - Missing barcode data
1. The selected item has no valid product code, SKU, or serial number for barcode generation.
2. The system displays a missing-data message.
3. The user updates the product/variant/serial information before printing.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Printer unavailable
1. The barcode printer is disconnected, unavailable, or returns an error.
2. The system displays a printer error message.
3. The user selects another printer or exports the barcode labels as a file.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 
 

2.8 Brand Management
2.8.1 UC 36 - View Brand List
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view brand list so that I can review accurate brand management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Brand Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested brand data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Brand Management.
3. The user navigates to the Brand List screen.
4. The system retrieves brand records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any brand records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.8. UC 37 - View Brand Details
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff 	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager or Staff member, I want to view detailed information of a Brand in the catalog to check its status and see how many products are linked to this Brand. 
Preconditions	1. The user must be logged in with catalog view permissions.
2. The user must navigate to the Brands settings page (/brands). 
Postconditions	The system renders the BrandDetailModal popup containing Brand attributes and product counters. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user clicks on a Brand name in the table or clicks the eye icon in the table functions.
2.	The system opens the BrandDetailModal pop-up.
3.	The system issues a request: GET /api/v1/brands/{id}.
4.	The backend retrieves the Brand records (from BRANDS table) along with a count of related products in the PRODUCTS table, and returns a 200 OK response.
5.	The system displays the Brand details:
●	Mã thương hiệu (Brand Code)
●	Tên thương hiệu (Brand Name)
●	Trạng thái (Status: Đang sử dụng / Ngừng sử dụng)
●	Ngày tạo (Created Date)
●	Tổng sản phẩm liên kết (Total Associated Products count)
6.	The user clicks the "Đóng" (Close) button or the "X" close icon in the header.
7.	The system closes the modal.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Edit Brand from details modal
1.	Inside the details modal, the user clicks the "Sửa" (Edit) button.
2.	The system turns the brand name text field into an input field.
3.	The user updates the name and clicks "Cất" (Save). The system saves updates via API PUT /api/v1/brands/{id}, reloads the catalog table, and closes the modal.
Alternative Flow 2: Error Loading Brand
1.	If the API call fails, the system shows an error alert: "Không thể lấy thông tin thương hiệu." and keeps the modal closed.

2.8. UC 38 - Create Brand
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create brand so that new brand management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Brand Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new brand record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create brand records.
3. The user navigates to the Brand List screen.
4. The user clicks the Create/New button.
5. The system displays the Brand creation form.
6. The user enters all required information.
7. The user clicks Save.
8. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, and uniqueness rules.
9. The system saves the new brand record to the database.
10. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
11. The system displays a success message and redirects the user to the Brand Detail screen or List screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Missing mandatory information
1. The user leaves one or more required fields blank.
2. The system prevents saving and displays validation messages next to the missing fields.
3. The user enters the missing information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Invalid data format
1. The system detects an invalid input format such as wrong email format, invalid phone number, negative quantity, invalid date, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system highlights the invalid fields and displays the relevant validation messages.
3. The user corrects the invalid information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The system detects duplicated information such as code, name, serial number, email, phone number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Save failed
1. The database or backend service cannot save the record.
2. The system displays a failure message and keeps the entered data on the screen.
3. The user retries after the issue is resolved.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.8. UC 39 - Update Brand
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update brand so that incorrect or changed brand management information can be corrected while preserving traceability. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Brand Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The brand information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update brand records.
3. The user navigates to the Brand List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user opens the record detail screen.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the Brand update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user modifies the needed information.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, uniqueness rules, and business constraints.
10. The system saves the updated brand information.
11. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
12. The system displays a success message and returns the user to the detail screen or list screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - Record not found
1. The search condition does not match any record or the selected record no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Record not found".
3. The user returns to the list and searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record is locked or not editable
1. The system checks the record status.
2. The record is already posted, cancelled, deleted, inactive, or linked to a locked transaction.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a message explaining why the record cannot be updated.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid or missing updated data
1. The system detects missing required fields, invalid format, invalid date range, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system displays validation errors.
3. The user corrects the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The updated value duplicates an existing code, name, email, phone number, serial number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Concurrent update conflict
1. Another user updates the same record before the current user saves.
2. The system detects the data version conflict.
3. The system asks the user to reload the latest data before saving again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.8. UC 40 - Delete Brand
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with delete permission, I want to delete brand so that obsolete brand management master data can be removed or deactivated safely. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Brand Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The brand record is deleted or marked inactive successfully.
- The delete/deactivate action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related historical transaction data remains traceable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to delete or deactivate brand records.
3. The user navigates to the Brand List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user selects the record and clicks Delete/Deactivate.
5. The system displays a confirmation dialog.
6. The user confirms the action.
7. The system validates that the record has no active dependencies or restricted status.
8. The system deletes the brand record or changes its status to Inactive.
9. The system records the delete/deactivate action in the Activity Log.
10. The system displays a success message and refreshes the list. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - User cancels deletion
1. The user chooses Cancel in the confirmation dialog.
2. The system closes the dialog.
3. No data is changed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.1 - Record has linked transactions
1. The system finds that the record is referenced by import slips, export slips, sales orders, warranties, reports, or other historical documents.
2. The system blocks physical deletion to preserve traceability.
3. The system displays a message and suggests deactivation if allowed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.2 - Record is already inactive or not found
1. The selected record has already been deleted/inactivated or no longer exists.
2. The system displays a relevant message.
3. The system refreshes the list.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.9 Category Management
2.9. UC 41 - View Category List
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view category list so that I can review accurate category management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Category Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested category data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Category Management.
3. The user navigates to the Category List screen.
4. The system retrieves category records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any category records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.9. UC 42 - View Category Details
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff 	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager or Staff member, I want to view the details of a Product Category, including its hierarchical parent category, status, and creation date, so that I can inspect the taxonomy of the catalog. 
Preconditions	1. The user must be logged in with catalog view permissions.
2. The user must navigate to the Categories settings page (/categories). 
Postconditions	The system renders the CategoryDetailModal pop-up showing category attributes and parent relations. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user clicks on a Category name in the table or clicks the eye icon in the actions list.
2.	The system opens the CategoryDetailModal.
3.	The system makes a backend request: GET /api/v1/categories/{id}.
4.	The backend queries the PRODUCT_CATEGORIES table, joins the table with itself to fetch the parent category name, and returns a 200 OK response.
5.	The system renders:
●	Mã danh mục (Category Code)
●	Tên danh mục (Category Name)
●	Danh mục cha (Parent Category Name, shows "Không có" if parent_id is null)
●	Trạng thái (Status: Đang sử dụng / Ngừng sử dụng)
●	Ngày tạo (Created Date)
6.	The user clicks the "Đóng" (Close) button or the "X" close icon in the header.
7.	The system closes the modal.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Edit Category details
1.	Inside the details modal, the user clicks the "Sửa" (Edit) button.
2.	The system turns details fields into inputs, including a dropdown select box to change the parent category.
3.	The user updates the fields and clicks "Cất" (Save). The system sends a PUT /api/v1/categories/{id} request, reloads the table, and closes the modal.
Alternative Flow 2: Error Loading Category
1.	If the API request fails, the system shows an error alert: "Không thể lấy thông tin danh mục." and keeps the modal closed.

2.9. UC 43 - Create Category
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create category so that new category management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Category Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new category record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create category records.
3. The user navigates to the Category List screen.
4. The user clicks the Create/New button.
5. The system displays the Category creation form.
6. The user enters all required information.
7. The user clicks Save.
8. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, and uniqueness rules.
9. The system saves the new category record to the database.
10. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
11. The system displays a success message and redirects the user to the Category Detail screen or List screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Missing mandatory information
1. The user leaves one or more required fields blank.
2. The system prevents saving and displays validation messages next to the missing fields.
3. The user enters the missing information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Invalid data format
1. The system detects an invalid input format such as wrong email format, invalid phone number, negative quantity, invalid date, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system highlights the invalid fields and displays the relevant validation messages.
3. The user corrects the invalid information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The system detects duplicated information such as code, name, serial number, email, phone number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Save failed
1. The database or backend service cannot save the record.
2. The system displays a failure message and keeps the entered data on the screen.
3. The user retries after the issue is resolved.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.9. UC 44 - Update Category
Primary Actors	Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update category so that incorrect or changed category management information can be corrected while preserving traceability.
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Category Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally.
Postconditions	- The category information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update category records.
3. The user navigates to the Category List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user opens the record detail screen.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the Category update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user modifies the needed information.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, uniqueness rules, and business constraints.
10. The system saves the updated category information.
11. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
12. The system displays a success message and returns the user to the detail screen or list screen.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - Record not found
1. The search condition does not match any record or the selected record no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Record not found".
3. The user returns to the list and searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record is locked or not editable
1. The system checks the record status.
2. The record is already posted, cancelled, deleted, inactive, or linked to a locked transaction.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a message explaining why the record cannot be updated.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid or missing updated data
1. The system detects missing required fields, invalid format, invalid date range, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system displays validation errors.
3. The user corrects the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The updated value duplicates an existing code, name, email, phone number, serial number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Concurrent update conflict
1. Another user updates the same record before the current user saves.
2. The system detects the data version conflict.
3. The system asks the user to reload the latest data before saving again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.

2.9. UC 45 - Delete Category
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with delete permission, I want to delete category so that obsolete category management master data can be removed or deactivated safely. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Category Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The category record is deleted or marked inactive successfully.
- The delete/deactivate action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related historical transaction data remains traceable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to delete or deactivate category records.
3. The user navigates to the Category List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user selects the record and clicks Delete/Deactivate.
5. The system displays a confirmation dialog.
6. The user confirms the action.
7. The system validates that the record has no active dependencies or restricted status.
8. The system deletes the category record or changes its status to Inactive.
9. The system records the delete/deactivate action in the Activity Log.
10. The system displays a success message and refreshes the list. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - User cancels deletion
1. The user chooses Cancel in the confirmation dialog.
2. The system closes the dialog.
3. No data is changed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.1 - Record has linked transactions
1. The system finds that the record is referenced by import slips, export slips, sales orders, warranties, reports, or other historical documents.
2. The system blocks physical deletion to preserve traceability.
3. The system displays a message and suggests deactivation if allowed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.2 - Record is already inactive or not found
1. The selected record has already been deleted/inactivated or no longer exists.
2. The system displays a relevant message.
3. The system refreshes the list.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.10 Unit Management
2.10.1 UC 46 -  View Unit List 
Primary Actors	Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view import slip details so that I can review accurate inventory import management information for daily operations and decision-making.
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Inventory Import Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally.
Postconditions	- The import slip detail information is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Inventory Import Management.
3. The user navigates to the Import Slip Detail List screen and searches for the needed record.
4. The user selects one record from the list.
5. The system retrieves the selected import slip detail details and related information.
6. The system displays the Import Slip Detail Detail screen.
7. The user reviews the information and returns to the list or previous page.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.

Step 3.1 - No matching record
1. The search condition does not match any record.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the search condition.
4. Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.

Step 5.1 - Record not found or inactive
1. The selected record no longer exists, has been deleted, or has become inactive.
2. The system displays a message such as "Record not found or no longer available".
3. The system returns the user to the list screen.
4. Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.

2.10.2 UC 47 -  Create Unit 
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create unit so that new unit management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Unit Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new unit record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create unit records.
3. The user navigates to the Unit List screen.
4. The user clicks the Create/New button.
5. The system displays the Unit creation form.
6. The user enters all required information.
7. The user clicks Save.
8. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, and uniqueness rules.
9. The system saves the new unit record to the database.
10. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
11. The system displays a success message and redirects the user to the Unit Detail screen or List screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Missing mandatory information
1. The user leaves one or more required fields blank.
2. The system prevents saving and displays validation messages next to the missing fields.
3. The user enters the missing information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Invalid data format
1. The system detects an invalid input format such as wrong email format, invalid phone number, negative quantity, invalid date, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system highlights the invalid fields and displays the relevant validation messages.
3. The user corrects the invalid information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The system detects duplicated information such as code, name, serial number, email, phone number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Save failed
1. The database or backend service cannot save the record.
2. The system displays a failure message and keeps the entered data on the screen.
3. The user retries after the issue is resolved.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.10.3 UC 48 -  Update Unit 
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update unit so that incorrect or changed unit management information can be corrected while preserving traceability. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Unit Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The unit information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update unit records.
3. The user navigates to the Unit List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user opens the record detail screen.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the Unit update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user modifies the needed information.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, uniqueness rules, and business constraints.
10. The system saves the updated unit information.
11. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
12. The system displays a success message and returns the user to the detail screen or list screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - Record not found
1. The search condition does not match any record or the selected record no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Record not found".
3. The user returns to the list and searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record is locked or not editable
1. The system checks the record status.
2. The record is already posted, cancelled, deleted, inactive, or linked to a locked transaction.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a message explaining why the record cannot be updated.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid or missing updated data
1. The system detects missing required fields, invalid format, invalid date range, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system displays validation errors.
3. The user corrects the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The updated value duplicates an existing code, name, email, phone number, serial number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Concurrent update conflict
1. Another user updates the same record before the current user saves.
2. The system detects the data version conflict.
3. The system asks the user to reload the latest data before saving again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.10.4 UC 49 -  Delete Unit 
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with delete permission, I want to delete unit so that obsolete unit management master data can be removed or deactivated safely. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Unit Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The unit record is deleted or marked inactive successfully.
- The delete/deactivate action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related historical transaction data remains traceable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to delete or deactivate unit records.
3. The user navigates to the Unit List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user selects the record and clicks Delete/Deactivate.
5. The system displays a confirmation dialog.
6. The user confirms the action.
7. The system validates that the record has no active dependencies or restricted status.
8. The system deletes the unit record or changes its status to Inactive.
9. The system records the delete/deactivate action in the Activity Log.
10. The system displays a success message and refreshes the list. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - User cancels deletion
1. The user chooses Cancel in the confirmation dialog.
2. The system closes the dialog.
3. No data is changed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.1 - Record has linked transactions
1. The system finds that the record is referenced by import slips, export slips, sales orders, warranties, reports, or other historical documents.
2. The system blocks physical deletion to preserve traceability.
3. The system displays a message and suggests deactivation if allowed.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.2 - Record is already inactive or not found
1. The selected record has already been deleted/inactivated or no longer exists.
2. The system displays a relevant message.
3. The system refreshes the list.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.11 Inventory Import Management
2.11.1 UC 50 - View Import History
Primary Actors	Manager, Staff	Secondary Actors	System Database
Description	As a Manager or Staff, I want to view the list of import slips so that I can track incoming inventory, monitor slip statuses, and review total amounts imported.
Preconditions	1. The actor is authenticated and logged into the DLC-WMS system.
2. The actor has the functional permission to "View Import Orders".
Postconditions	1. The system displays a paginated list of import slips based on the applied filters.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The actor navigates to the "Kho hàng" or "Danh sách đơn" menu and selects the "Nhập kho" tab.
2. The system retrieves and displays the default paginated list of import slips.
3. The actor inputs filter criteria: "Từ ngày" (From Date), "Đến ngày" (To Date), or "Tình trạng" (Status - e.g., Hoàn thành, Chờ duyệt, Đã hủy) and clicks "Lọc dữ liệu".
4. The system updates the table to display matching records. The table columns include: Ngày ghi nhận, Số phiếu, Đối tác, Kho hàng, Tổng tiền, Tình trạng, Thao tác.
5. The actor can click the pagination controls (1, 2, 3...) at the bottom to navigate through records. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Clear Filters
1. In step 3, the actor clicks "Làm mới" (Refresh/Clear).
2. The system clears all search/filter inputs and reloads the default list.

Alternative Flow 2: No Records Found
1. In step 4, if the filter criteria yield no results, the system displays an empty state message (e.g., "No data available"). 

2.11.2 UC 51- Create Import Slip
Primary Actors	Manager, Staff	Secondary Actors	System Database
Description	As a Manager or Staff, I want to create a new import slip so that I can record incoming products from suppliers and update the warehouse inventory.
Preconditions	1. The actor must be logged into the DLC-WMS system.
2. The actor must have the "Create Import Orders" permission.
3. Master data (Products, Suppliers, Warehouses) must exist in the system.
Postconditions	1. A new import slip is saved in the database with a unique ID and "Pending" or "Completed" status.
2. If completed, the inventory quantities for the imported products are increased in the selected warehouse.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The actor clicks the "+ Thêm mới" (Add New) button on the Import History page.
2. The system displays the Create Import Slip form.
3. The actor selects the Supplier, Delivery Place, and Destination Warehouse.
4. The actor adds products to the slip by selecting from the product list and entering the quantity and unit price.
5. The system calculates and displays the total amount dynamically.
6. The actor reviews the details and clicks "Lưu" (Save) or "Hoàn thành" (Complete).
7. The system validates the input, saves the import slip, updates the inventory (if completed), and displays a success message.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Missing Required Information
1. At step 6, the actor leaves mandatory fields (e.g., Supplier, Warehouse, or Products) blank.
2. The system prevents saving, highlights the empty fields in red, and displays an error message ("Vui lòng điền đầy đủ thông tin").

Alternative Flow 2: Invalid Quantity or Price
1. The actor inputs a negative value or zero for quantity/price.
2. The system immediately shows a validation error and disables the Save button until corrected.

2.11.3 UC 52- View Import Slip Detail
Primary Actors	Manager, Staff		Secondary Actors	System Database
Description	User Story: As a Manager or Staff, I want to view the full detailed information of a specific import slip so that I can verify the exact products, quantities, supplier info, and total amount of that transaction.	
Preconditions	1. The actor must be logged into the DLC-WMS system.
2. The actor must have the "View Import Orders" permission.
3. The specific import slip must exist in the system.
Postconditions	1. The system displays the detailed information of the selected import slip without altering any data.	
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The actor is on the "Danh sách hàng nhập" (Import History) page.
2. The actor clicks the View icon (Eye icon) corresponding to a specific import slip record.
3. The system retrieves the slip's detailed data from the database.
4. The system displays the "Chi tiết Đơn nhập hàng" (Import Slip Details) panel or modal.
5. The actor views the General Info (Supplier, Address, Receiving Date, Warehouse, Receiver) and the Product List (Product Code, Name, Unit, Quantity, Import Price, Total Price).
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Record Deleted or Not Found
1. At step 2, the actor clicks View, but the record was recently deleted by another user.
2. The system displays an error message ("Record not found or has been deleted") and refreshes the list.

Alternative Flow 2: Network Error
1. At step 3, the system fails to retrieve data due to a database/network timeout.
2. The system displays a "Connection Error" notification and prompts the actor to try again.

2.11.4 UC 53- Update Import Slip
Primary Actors	Manager, Staff	Secondary Actors	System Database
Description	User Story: As a Manager or Staff, I want to edit an existing import slip (that has not yet been completed/locked) so that I can correct mistakes in product quantities, prices, or supplier information before it affects the actual warehouse inventory.	
Preconditions	1. The actor must be logged into the DLC-WMS system.
2. The actor must have the "Edit Import Orders" permission.
3. The target import slip must exist and its status must be "Draft" or "Pending" (not "Completed" or "Cancelled").
Postconditions	1. The import slip is successfully updated in the database with the new information.
2. The system logs the update action in the system history.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The actor is on the "Danh sách hàng nhập" (Import History) page.
2. The actor clicks the Edit icon (Pencil icon) for a specific "Pending" import slip.
3. The system retrieves the slip's current data and opens the "Cập nhật Đơn nhập hàng" (Update Import Slip) form.
4. The actor modifies the necessary fields (e.g., changes quantity, adds/removes products, or updates supplier).
5. The system dynamically recalculates the total amount.
6. The actor clicks "Lưu thay đổi" (Save Changes).
7. The system validates the input, updates the record in the database, and displays a success notification ("Cập nhật thành công").
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Attempt to Edit a Completed Slip
1. The actor attempts to edit an import slip that has already been marked as "Completed".
2. The system disables the edit action and shows a warning: "Cannot edit a completed import slip. Inventory has already been updated."

Alternative Flow 2: Validation Failure during Update
1. At step 6, the actor saves but left a mandatory field empty or entered an invalid quantity.
2. The system prevents the update and highlights the erroneous fields in red.

2.12 Inventory Export Management
2.12.1 UC 54 -  View Export History List
Primary Actors	Manager, Staff	Secondary Actor	None
Description	As a staff member, I want to create export slips, so that stock can leave the warehouse for valid business purposes.
Preconditions	User account has been created & authorized
Postconditions	●	User logs in the system successfully
●	The system tracked successful login into the Activity Log
Normal Sequence/Flow	Login System
1.	The user login to the system with his/her account.
2.	System redirects user to the Home page 
3.	User navigates to Warehouse -> Export Slip 
4.	The system shows the Export Slip List to the user.
5.	User click to the “Thêm” button
6.	User fills in generation information of of the export slip 
7.	User enters line details of exported items
8.	User reviews information and click saves
9.	System checks inventory and business rules
10.	System creates the Export slip and update status
11.	 System logs the export slip creation to Activity Log.
12.	 The system displays a success message and returns the user to the slip list or previous page.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1_Google Login
1.	User clicks Google Login button to login system using Google account
2.	System redirects the user to the Google’s Login screen
3.	User types in the Google account details and chooses to login
4.	Google validates user’s login information successfully and redirect him/her back to the system
5.	Return to step 5 of normal flow.
Step 4_System can’t authenticate the user
User can’t be authenticated & get relevant error message in one of below cases
1.	He/she leaves the Email and/or Password field blank (MSG10)
2.	Input Email or Password are incorrect (MSG09)
3.	Input Email/Password are correct but email has not been verified (MSG11)
4.	The user account is blocked / inactive (MSG12)
If user inputs wrong logging-in details 5 times continuously, system will lock his/her account in 30 minutes (with relevant warning message - MSG13)
Step 13.1_ Insufficient Inventory
1.	When checking inventory, system find the export amount is larger than amount inventory
2.	System display error message “Số lượng xuất lớn hơn số lượng tồn kho”, vui lòng điều chỉnh”
3.	Users edit the export amount.
4.	Return to step 7

2.12.2 UC 55 -  Create Export Slip
Primary Actors	Manager, Staff	Secondary Actor	None
Description	As a staff member, I want to create export slips, so that stock can leave the warehouse for valid business purposes.
Preconditions	User account has been created & authorized
Postconditions	●	User logs in the system successfully
●	The system tracked successful login into the Activity Log
Normal Sequence/Flow	Login System
1.	The user login to the system with his/her account.
2.	System redirects user to the Home page 
3.	User navigates to Warehouse -> Export Slip 
4.	The system shows the Export Slip List to the user.
5.	User click to the “Thêm” button
6.	User fills in generation information of of the export slip 
7.	User enters line details of exported items
8.	User reviews information and click saves
9.	System checks inventory and business rules
10.	System creates the Export slip and update status
11.	 System logs the export slip creation to Activity Log.
12.	 The system displays a success message and returns the user to the slip list or previous page.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1_Google Login
1.	User clicks Google Login button to login system using Google account
2.	System redirects the user to the Google’s Login screen
3.	User types in the Google account details and chooses to login
4.	Google validates user’s login information successfully and redirect him/her back to the system
5.	Return to step 5 of normal flow.
Step 4_System can’t authenticate the user
User can’t be authenticated & get relevant error message in one of below cases
1.	He/she leaves the Email and/or Password field blank (MSG10)
2.	Input Email or Password are incorrect (MSG09)
3.	Input Email/Password are correct but email has not been verified (MSG11)
4.	The user account is blocked / inactive (MSG12)
If user inputs wrong logging-in details 5 times continuously, system will lock his/her account in 30 minutes (with relevant warning message - MSG13)
Step 13.1_ Insufficient Inventory
1.	When checking inventory, system find the export amount is larger than amount inventory
2.	System display error message “Số lượng xuất lớn hơn số lượng tồn kho”, vui lòng điều chỉnh”
3.	Users edit the export amount.
4.	Return to step 7

2.12.3 UC 56 - View Export Slip Details
Primary Actors	Manager/Staff	Secondary Actor	None
Description	As a manager / staff, I want to view details of an export slip so that I can know information about that slip.
Preconditions	●	User account has been created & authorized
●	Export Slips have been created and saved on the list
●	The user has logged into the system successfully.
Postconditions	●	The export slip details are displayed successfully.
●	The user can review the slip information without modifying it in this use case.
●	The viewing action can be recorded in the Activity Log if your system tracks audit events.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user logs into the system successfully.
2.	The user navigates to the Export Slip List screen.
3.	The system displays a list of available export slips.
4.	The user searches or filters the list by slip number, date, status, warehouse, or related object.
5.	The user selects one export slip from the list.
6.	The system displays the Export Slip Details page.
7.	The system shows the export slip header information, such as slip number, export type, created date, creator, warehouse, and status.
8.	The system shows the slip line items, including product code, product name, quantity, unit price, total amount, and serial/lot if applicable.
9.	The system shows related information such as approval history, confirmation history, attached files, and notes if available.
10.	The user reviews the information and leaves the page or returns to the list

Alternative Sequences/Flows	A1. Export slip not found
1.	The user selects a slip from the list or enters a direct slip reference.
2.	The system cannot find the export slip.
3.	The system displays a message such as: “Export slip not found or no longer available.”
4.	The user is returned to the export slip list.
A3. Slip is deleted or canceled
1.	The user opens a slip that has been canceled or deleted.
2.	The system still displays the basic details if audit history is kept, but shows the slip status as Canceled or Deleted.
3.	The user is not allowed to perform editing actions from this screen.
A4. Serial or lot-based items
1.	The slip contains items managed by serial number or lot.
2.	The system displays the serial/lot information for each item line.
3.	If serial tracking is unavailable for a line, the system shows a blank or “N/A” state for that field.


2.12.4 UC 57 - Update Export Slip
Primary Actors	Manager / Staff	Secondary Actor	None
Description	As a manager / staff, I can update an export slip so that I can correct slip’s wrong information 
Preconditions	●	User accounts have been created and authorized.
●	The user has logged into the system successfully.
●	The system tracked the successful login in the Activity Log.
●	An export slip already exists in the export slip list.
Postconditions	●	The export slip information is updated and saved successfully.
●	The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
●	If the update changes stock-related data, the system revalidates quantity and serial/lot availability.
●	If the slip was already finalized, the system does not allow direct update and redirects to adjustment or cancellation flow.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	Manager or Staff logs into the system successfully.
2.	The user navigates to the Export Slip List screen.
3.	The user searches for the export slip that needs to be updated.
4.	The user opens the slip detail page.
5.	The user clicks Edit / Update.
6.	The system checks whether the user has permission to edit the slip.
7.	The system checks whether the slip is still editable.
8.	The system displays the export slip form with current data pre-filled.
9.	The user updates the needed information, such as warehouse, products, quantity, unit price, serial/lot, note, or attachments.
10.	The user clicks Save.
11.	The system validates the updated information.
12.	The system checks stock availability and serial/lot validity again if the changed fields affect inventory.
13.	The system saves the updated export slip.
14.	The system updates the Activity Log with the edit action.
15.	The system returns the user to the slip detail page or the export slip list with a success message.

Alternative Sequences/Flows	A1. Slip is not editable
1.	The user opens the export slip.
2.	The system checks the slip status.
3.	If the slip is already Approved, Confirmed, Exported, or Canceled, the system blocks direct editing.
4.	The system displays a message such as “This export slip can no longer be updated. Please use adjustment or cancellation workflow.”
5.	The user is redirected to the proper workflow.

A2. Invalid quantity or missing serial
1.	The user changes product quantity or serial information.
2.	The system validates the updated values.
3.	If quantity exceeds available stock or required serial/lot is missing, the system rejects the save.
4.	The system displays validation errors.
5.	The user corrects the data and saves again.
A3. Slip is linked to another document
1.	The user tries to update a slip that is linked to a sale order, invoice, transfer, or approval record.
2.	The system detects the dependency.
3.	The system blocks restricted fields from being edited or blocks the whole update, depending on configuration.
4.	The system informs the user that the slip is locked due to linked records.
A4. Session expires
1.	The user stays on the edit page too long.
2.	The session expires before save.
3.	The system redirects the user to the login page.
4.	After re-login, the user must reopen the export slip.


2.13 Stock Transfer Management
2.13.1 UC 58 - View Transfer History List

Primary Actors	Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view transfer history list so that I can review accurate stock transfer management information for daily operations and decision-making.
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Stock Transfer Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally.
Postconditions	- The requested transfer history data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Stock Transfer Management.
3. The user navigates to the Transfer History List screen.
4. The system retrieves transfer history records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.

Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any transfer history records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.

Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.

2.13.2 UC 59 -  Create Transfer Slip
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None 
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create transfer slip so that new stock transfer management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Stock Transfer Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new transfer slip record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create transfer slips.
3. The user navigates to the Stock Transfer History/List screen.
4. The user clicks Create Transfer Slip.
5. The system displays the transfer slip form.
6. The user selects source warehouse, destination warehouse, transfer date, and note.
7. The user adds transfer line items including product/variant, quantity, unit, and serial/lot information if applicable.
8. The user reviews the transfer slip and clicks Save or Submit.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, warehouse relationship, stock availability, quantity, and serial/lot availability.
10. The system saves the transfer slip with the proper status.
11. If the slip is posted, the system deducts stock from the source warehouse and increases stock in the destination warehouse.
12. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
13. The system displays a success message and returns to the transfer detail or list. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Source and destination warehouse are the same
1. The user selects the same warehouse as both source and destination.
2. The system displays a warehouse validation message.
3. The user selects different warehouses.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 7.1 - Invalid transfer line
1. The user enters a zero/negative quantity, invalid product, or invalid unit.
2. The system highlights the invalid line and displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the line item.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Insufficient source stock
1. The requested transfer quantity exceeds available stock in the source warehouse.
2. The system displays an insufficient-stock message.
3. The user reduces the quantity or selects another source warehouse.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Missing or invalid serial/lot
1. The transferred product requires serial/lot tracking but the selected serial/lot is missing or unavailable.
2. The system rejects the save/post action.
3. The user selects valid serial/lot information.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.13.3 UC 60 -  View Transfer Slip Details
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view transfer slip details so that I can review accurate stock transfer management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Stock Transfer Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally.
Postconditions	- The transfer slip detail information is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Stock Transfer Management.
3. The user navigates to the Transfer Slip Detail List screen and searches for the needed record.
4. The user selects one record from the list.
5. The system retrieves the selected transfer slip details and related information.
6. The system displays the Transfer Slip Detail Detail screen.
7. The user reviews the information and returns to the list or previous page.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.

Step 3.1 - No matching record
1. The search condition does not match any record.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the search condition.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.

Step 5.1 - Record not found or inactive
1. The selected record no longer exists, has been deleted, or has become inactive.
2. The system displays a message such as "Record not found or no longer available".
3. The system returns the user to the list screen.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.

2.13.4 UC 61 -  Update Transfer Slip
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update transfer slip so that incorrect or changed stock transfer management information can be corrected while preserving traceability. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Stock Transfer Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The transfer slip information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update transfer slip records.
3. The user navigates to the Transfer Slip List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user opens the record detail screen.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the Transfer Slip update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user modifies the needed information.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, uniqueness rules, and business constraints.
10. The system saves the updated transfer slip information.
11. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
12. The system displays a success message and returns the user to the detail screen or list screen.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - Record not found
1. The search condition does not match any record or the selected record no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Record not found".
3. The user returns to the list and searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record is locked or not editable
1. The system checks the record status.
2. The record is already posted, cancelled, deleted, inactive, or linked to a locked transaction.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a message explaining why the record cannot be updated.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid or missing updated data
1. The system detects missing required fields, invalid format, invalid date range, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system displays validation errors.
3. The user corrects the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The updated value duplicates an existing code, name, email, phone number, serial number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Concurrent update conflict
1. Another user updates the same record before the current user saves.
2. The system detects the data version conflict.
3. The system asks the user to reload the latest data before saving again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.2 - Transfer slip is already posted or cancelled
1. The system checks the transfer slip status.
2. The slip is Posted or Cancelled, so direct editing is not allowed.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a status-related message.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.3 - Invalid warehouse or insufficient stock after update
1. The user changes source warehouse, destination warehouse, product, serial/lot, or quantity.
2. The system revalidates warehouses and available source stock.
3. The system rejects the save action if the updated information violates business rules.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.14 Stocktake Management
2.14.1 UC 62 -  View Stocktake History List
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view stocktake history list so that I can review accurate stocktake management information for daily operations and decision-making.
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Stocktake Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally.
Postconditions	- The requested stocktake history data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Stocktake Management.
3. The user navigates to the Stocktake History List screen.
4. The system retrieves stocktake history records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any stocktake history records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.14.2 UC 63 -  Create Stocktake
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create stocktake so that new stocktake management information can be recorded and tracked in the system.
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Stocktake Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally.
Postconditions	- A new stocktake record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create stocktake sessions.
3. The user navigates to the Stocktake History/List screen.
4. The user clicks Create Stocktake.
5. The system displays the stocktake creation form.
6. The user selects warehouse, stocktake date, scope, reference document if needed, and note.
7. The user adds or imports stocktake line items.
8. The user enters counted quantities for each item.
9. The user clicks Save or Submit.
10. The system validates mandatory fields, counted quantity, reference data, and item uniqueness.
11. The system calculates difference quantities between system quantity and counted quantity.
12. The system saves the stocktake session.
13. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
14. The system displays a success message and returns to stocktake detail or list.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Missing warehouse or stocktake date
1. The user leaves required header information blank.
2. The system displays required-field validation messages.
3. The user enters the missing information.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Invalid counted quantity
1. The user enters a negative counted quantity or a non-numeric value.
2. The system displays a counted-quantity validation message.
3. The user corrects the quantity.
Return to step 8 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Duplicate stocktake line
1. The same product/variant/serial/lot appears more than once in the stocktake lines.
2. The system highlights duplicated lines and prevents saving.
3. The user merges or removes duplicated lines.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 11.1 - Difference requires review
1. The calculated difference exceeds the configured threshold.
2. The system marks the line for review or requires a manager confirmation before posting.
3. The user reviews the difference and continues according to permission.
Return to step 8 of Normal Flow. 

2.14.3 UC 64 - Select Reference Document
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager or Staff member, I want to select a reference document so that stocktake data can be compared with the correct business document.
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Stocktake Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally.
Postconditions	- The requested reference document data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case.
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to select reference documents for stocktake.
3. The user opens the stocktake creation or update screen.
4. The user clicks Select Reference Document.
5. The system displays a searchable list of available import, export, transfer, or inventory documents.
6. The user enters search/filter conditions such as document code, date range, warehouse, or status.
7. The user selects one reference document.
8. The system validates whether the selected document can be used as a stocktake reference.
9. The system loads the reference document data into the stocktake screen.
10. The user continues creating or updating the stocktake session.
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - No reference document found
1. The search/filter condition does not match any reference document.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Invalid reference document status
1. The selected document is Draft, Cancelled, or otherwise not eligible to be used as reference.
2. The system blocks the selection and displays a validation message.
3. The user selects another document.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Warehouse mismatch
1. The selected reference document belongs to a different warehouse from the stocktake session.
2. The system displays a warehouse mismatch message.
3. The user selects a valid reference document or changes the stocktake warehouse.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.14.4 UC 65 - View Stocktake Details
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff 	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Warehouse Keeper or Manager, I want to view a detailed stocktake (inventory audit) sheet, showing physical counted quantities vs. book system quantities, discrepancy values, and notes, so that I can audit inventory losses/gains and authorize adjustments. 
Preconditions	1. The user must be logged in with inventory view permissions.
2. The user must navigate to the Stocktake list page (/stocktakes). 
Postconditions	The system renders the detailed Stocktake view pane below the table (aligned with the master-detail pattern in ExportSlipPage.jsx), displaying document meta-data and line discrepancy details. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1.	The user clicks a stocktake code link (e.g. PKK-2026-0001) or the eye icon (icon bi-eye) on a row in the stocktake table.
2.	The system triggers a detail section slide/reveal below the main table (detailSection).
3.	The system makes a request to the backend: GET /api/v1/stocktakes/{id}.
4.	The backend queries the STOCKTAKES and child STOCKTAKE_LINES tables, joins products/variants/warehouses info, and returns a 200 OK response.
5.	The system renders the Stocktake metadata header:
●	Số chứng từ (Stocktake Code), Kho hàng (Warehouse Name), Ngày kiểm kê (Stocktake Date)
●	Trạng thái (Status Badge: Nháp, Chờ duyệt, Đã duyệt, Đã hủy)
●	Ghi chú (General Note), Nhân viên lập (Created By), Người duyệt (Approved By)
6.	The system renders the items grid (detailTable) displaying:
●	Mã hàng (Variant SKU)
●	Tên hàng (Variant Name)
●	Đơn vị tính (Unit)
●	Số lượng sổ sách (System Qty)
●	Số lượng thực tế (Counted Qty)
●	Chênh lệch (Difference Qty = Counted - System)
●	Đơn giá vốn (Unit Cost)
●	Giá trị chênh lệch (Difference Value = Difference * Unit Cost, formatted with color: Green for positive surplus, Red for negative deficit)
●	Ghi chú dòng (Line Note)
7.	The footer displays the totals:
●	Tổng thực tế (Total Counted Items sum)
●	Tổng giá trị chênh lệch (Total Discrepancy Value)
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Alternative Flow 1: Approve Stocktake document
1.	If the document status is SUBMITTED (Chờ duyệt) and the user has a MANAGER role, the "Duyệt phiếu" (Approve Slip) button is visible in the details footer.
2.	The Manager clicks the "Duyệt phiếu" button.
3.	The system prompts a confirmation modal: "Xác nhận duyệt và ghi sổ phiếu kiểm kho?"
4.	The Manager clicks "Xác nhận". The system makes a backend request: PUT /api/v1/stocktakes/{id}/approve.
5.	The backend corrects inventory ledger records, adjusts warehouse balances, updates document status to POSTED, and returns success. The system updates the UI status badge to Đã duyệt/Đã ghi sổ.
Alternative Flow 2: Print Stocktake Slip
1.	The user clicks the "In phiếu" (Print Slip) button in the details footer.
2.	The system opens a clean print-preview overlay rendering the stocktake sheet formatting, and calls the native print dialog (window.print()).
Alternative Flow 3: Cancel Stocktake
1.	If the document is DRAFT or SUBMITTED, the user clicks the "Hủy phiếu" (Cancel) button.
2.	The system prompts confirmation and updates status to CANCELLED (Đã hủy) without applying stock adjustments.

2.14.5 UC 66 - Update Stocktake
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update stocktake so that incorrect or changed stocktake management information can be corrected while preserving traceability. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Stocktake Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The stocktake information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update stocktake records.
3. The user navigates to the Stocktake List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user opens the record detail screen.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the Stocktake update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user modifies the needed information.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, uniqueness rules, and business constraints.
10. The system saves the updated stocktake information.
11. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
12. The system displays a success message and returns the user to the detail screen or list screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - Record not found
1. The search condition does not match any record or the selected record no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Record not found".
3. The user returns to the list and searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record is locked or not editable
1. The system checks the record status.
2. The record is already posted, cancelled, deleted, inactive, or linked to a locked transaction.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a message explaining why the record cannot be updated.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid or missing updated data
1. The system detects missing required fields, invalid format, invalid date range, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system displays validation errors.
3. The user corrects the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The updated value duplicates an existing code, name, email, phone number, serial number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Concurrent update conflict
1. Another user updates the same record before the current user saves.
2. The system detects the data version conflict.
3. The system asks the user to reload the latest data before saving again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.2 - Stocktake is posted or cancelled
1. The system checks the stocktake status.
2. The stocktake is Posted or Cancelled.
3. The system blocks direct editing and displays a status-related message.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.3 - Invalid counted quantity or duplicated line
1. The user updates counted quantity or line items.
2. The system detects negative quantity, invalid number, or duplicate item/serial/lot.
3. The system rejects the save action and asks the user to correct the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.15 BOM Management
2.15.1 UC 67 - View Assembly and Disassembly History
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view assembly and disassembly history so that I can review accurate bom management information for daily operations and decision-making.
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the BOM Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested assembly and disassembly history data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access BOM Management.
3. The user navigates to the Assembly and Disassembly History List screen.
4. The system retrieves assembly and disassembly history records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any assembly and disassembly history records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.15.2 UC 68 - Create Assembly Order
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create assembly order so that new bom management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the BOM Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new assembly order record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create assembly orders.
3. The user navigates to the Assembly/Disassembly History screen.
4. The user clicks Create Assembly Order.
5. The system displays the assembly order form.
6. The user selects BOM, target product/variant, warehouse, execution date, and quantity.
7. The system loads component lines from the selected BOM.
8. The user reviews or adjusts component quantities and selects required serial/lot information.
9. The user clicks Save or Submit.
10. The system validates BOM status, component stock availability, quantity, serial/lot information, and target product information.
11. The system saves the assembly order.
12. If posted, the system deducts component stock and increases finished product stock.
13. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
14. The system displays a success message. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Invalid or inactive BOM
1. The selected BOM is missing, inactive, or not approved.
2. The system blocks the selection and displays a BOM validation message.
3. The user selects a valid BOM.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Missing component serial/lot
1. A component requires serial/lot tracking but the user does not select a valid serial/lot.
2. The system highlights the component line.
3. The user selects valid serial/lot information.
Return to step 8 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Insufficient component stock
1. The required component quantity exceeds available stock in the selected warehouse.
2. The system displays an insufficient-stock message.
3. The user reduces assembly quantity, changes warehouse, or imports the missing component.
Return to step 8 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 12.1 - Inventory update fails
1. The order is valid but stock deduction or finished-product stock creation fails.
2. The system rolls back the transaction and displays an error message.
3. The user retries after the issue is resolved.
Return to step 9 of Normal Flow. 

2.15.3 UC 69 - Create Disassembly Order
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create disassembly order so that new bom management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the BOM Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new disassembly order record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create disassembly orders.
3. The user navigates to the Assembly/Disassembly History screen.
4. The user clicks Create Disassembly Order.
5. The system displays the disassembly order form.
6. The user selects the source assembled product/variant, warehouse, execution date, and quantity.
7. The system loads expected components or the user enters recovered component lines.
8. The user reviews component quantities, serial/lot information, and notes.
9. The user clicks Save or Submit.
10. The system validates product configuration, source stock, quantity, serial/lot, and component lines.
11. The system saves the disassembly order.
12. If posted, the system deducts the assembled product and increases recovered component stock.
13. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
14. The system displays a success message. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Source product is not available
1. The selected assembled product is not available in the selected warehouse.
2. The system displays an insufficient-stock message.
3. The user selects another product, serial, warehouse, or quantity.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Invalid component line
1. The recovered component quantity is zero/negative or serial/lot information is invalid.
2. The system highlights the invalid line and displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the component line.
Return to step 8 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Missing required serial/lot
1. The assembled product or component requires serial/lot tracking.
2. The required serial/lot value is missing or unavailable.
3. The system rejects the save/post action and asks the user to provide valid serial/lot information.
Return to step 8 of Normal Flow. 

2.15.4 UC 70 - View Assembly/Disassembly Details
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view assembly/disassembly details so that I can review accurate bom management information for daily operations and decision-making.
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the BOM Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The assembly/disassembly detail information is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access BOM Management.
3. The user navigates to the Assembly/Disassembly Detail List screen and searches for the needed record.
4. The user selects one record from the list.
5. The system retrieves the selected assembly/disassembly detail details and related information.
6. The system displays the Assembly/Disassembly Detail Detail screen.
7. The user reviews the information and returns to the list or previous page. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - No matching record
1. The search condition does not match any record.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the search condition.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record not found or inactive
1. The selected record no longer exists, has been deleted, or has become inactive.
2. The system displays a message such as "Record not found or no longer available".
3. The system returns the user to the list screen.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.15.5 UC 71 - Update Assembly/Disassembly
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update assembly/disassembly so that incorrect or changed bom management information can be corrected while preserving traceability. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the BOM Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The assembly/disassembly information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update assembly/disassembly order records.
3. The user navigates to the Assembly/Disassembly Order List screen and searches for the record.
4. The user opens the record detail screen.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the Assembly/Disassembly Order update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user modifies the needed information.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, data format, uniqueness rules, and business constraints.
10. The system saves the updated assembly/disassembly order information.
11. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
12. The system displays a success message and returns the user to the detail screen or list screen. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - Record not found
1. The search condition does not match any record or the selected record no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Record not found".
3. The user returns to the list and searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record is locked or not editable
1. The system checks the record status.
2. The record is already posted, cancelled, deleted, inactive, or linked to a locked transaction.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a message explaining why the record cannot be updated.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid or missing updated data
1. The system detects missing required fields, invalid format, invalid date range, or text exceeding maximum length.
2. The system displays validation errors.
3. The user corrects the data.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Duplicate business key
1. The updated value duplicates an existing code, name, email, phone number, serial number, or document number.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a duplicate-value message.
3. The user changes the duplicated value.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Concurrent update conflict
1. Another user updates the same record before the current user saves.
2. The system detects the data version conflict.
3. The system asks the user to reload the latest data before saving again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.2 - Order is already posted or cancelled
1. The system checks the order status.
2. The order is Posted or Cancelled, so direct editing is not allowed.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a status-related message.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.3 - Updated components violate BOM or stock rules
1. The user updates BOM, product, component quantities, warehouse, or serial/lot.
2. The system revalidates BOM status, stock availability, and serial/lot availability.
3. The system rejects the save action if the updated data violates business rules.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow. 

2.16 Warranty Management
2.16.1 UC 72 - View Warranty List
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	Mail Service (optional notification) 
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view warranty list so that I can review accurate warranty management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Warranty Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested warranty data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Warranty Management.
3. The user navigates to the Warranty List screen.
4. The system retrieves warranty records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any warranty records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.16.2 UC 73 - View Warranty Details
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	Mail Service (optional notification) 
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view warranty detail so that I can review accurate warranty management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Warranty Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The warranty detail information is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Warranty Management.
3. The user navigates to the Warranty Detail List screen and searches for the needed record.
4. The user selects one record from the list.
5. The system retrieves the selected warranty detail details and related information.
6. The system displays the Warranty Detail Detail screen.
7. The user reviews the information and returns to the list or previous page. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 3.1 - No matching record
1. The search condition does not match any record.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the search condition.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Record not found or inactive
1. The selected record no longer exists, has been deleted, or has become inactive.
2. The system displays a message such as "Record not found or no longer available".
3. The system returns the user to the list screen.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow. 

2.16.3 UC 74 - Create Repair Ticket
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	Mail Service (optional notification) 
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to create repair ticket so that new warranty management information can be recorded and tracked in the system. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Warranty Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- A new repair ticket record is created successfully.
- The creation action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related inventory, serial, warranty, or report data is updated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to create repair tickets.
3. The user navigates to the Warranty/Repair module.
4. The user clicks Create Repair Ticket.
5. The system displays the repair ticket form.
6. The user searches for customer/product by phone number, warranty code, serial number, or sales order.
7. The system retrieves related warranty and product information if available.
8. The user enters issue description, received date, repair type, warranty eligibility result, and notes.
9. The user clicks Save or Submit.
10. The system validates mandatory fields, warranty status, serial number, customer information, and received date.
11. The system saves the repair ticket and sets the initial repair status.
12. The system updates serial status to Warranty Hold or Repairing if applicable.
13. The system sends notification to the customer if email notification is enabled.
14. The system records the creation action in the Activity Log.
15. The system displays a success message. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 6.1 - Product or customer cannot be found
1. The search condition does not match any warranty, serial number, sales order, or customer.
2. The system displays "No matching warranty/product found".
3. The user corrects the search condition or creates a non-warranty repair ticket if permitted.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - Missing issue description or received date
1. The user leaves issue description, received date, or other required information blank.
2. The system displays required-field validation messages.
3. The user enters the missing information.
Return to step 8 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 10.1 - Warranty expired or voided
1. The selected product exists but warranty is expired, voided, or cancelled.
2. The system marks the ticket as non-warranty repair or asks the user to confirm paid repair handling.
3. The user confirms the correct repair type.
Return to step 8 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 12.1 - Serial status cannot be updated
1. The system cannot update the serial number status due to invalid current status or service error.
2. The system rolls back the transaction and displays an error message.
3. The user retries after the issue is resolved.
Return to step 9 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 13.1 - Notification sending fails
1. The repair ticket is saved, but the Mail Service cannot send notification.
2. The system displays a warning while keeping the repair ticket created.
3. The user may resend notification later. 

2.16.4 UC 75 - View Repair Ticket List
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	Mail Service (optional notification) 
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view repair ticket list so that I can review accurate warranty management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Warranty Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested repair ticket data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access Warranty Management.
3. The user navigates to the Repair Ticket List screen.
4. The system retrieves repair ticket records from the database.
5. The system displays the list with search, filter, sort, and pagination controls.
6. The user reviews the list or selects a record for further action. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No data found
1. The system cannot find any repair ticket records matching the current condition.
2. The system displays an empty-state message such as "No data found".
3. The user changes the search/filter condition or creates a new record if permitted.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Invalid search or filter condition
1. The user enters a search keyword or filter value in an invalid format or exceeding the allowed length.
2. The system highlights the invalid condition and displays a validation message.
3. The user corrects the condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

2.16.5 UC 76- Update Repair Ticket
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	Mail Service (optional notification) 
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to update repair ticket so that incorrect or changed warranty management information can be corrected while preserving traceability. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Warranty Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The repair ticket information is updated successfully.
- The update action is recorded in the Activity Log.
- Related business data is revalidated when applicable. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to update repair tickets.
3. The user navigates to the Repair Ticket List screen.
4. The user searches for and opens the repair ticket.
5. The user clicks Edit/Update.
6. The system displays the repair ticket update form with current data pre-filled.
7. The user updates repair status, solution description, repair cost, completed date, appointment date, or note.
8. The user clicks Save.
9. The system validates mandatory fields, date order, status transition, warranty eligibility, and cost rules.
10. The system saves the updated repair ticket.
11. The system updates related warranty/serial status if the repair status changes.
12. The system sends notification to the customer if notification is enabled.
13. The system records the update action in the Activity Log.
14. The system displays a success message. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - Repair ticket not found
1. The search condition does not match any repair ticket or the selected ticket no longer exists.
2. The system displays "Repair ticket not found".
3. The user searches again.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - Ticket is cancelled or completed and locked
1. The system checks the repair ticket status.
2. The ticket is in a locked status that does not allow direct editing.
3. The system blocks editing and displays a status-related message.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Invalid status transition
1. The user changes the repair status in a sequence that violates the allowed repair workflow.
2. The system rejects the save action and displays a status-transition validation message.
3. The user selects a valid next status.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.2 - Invalid cost or completed date
1. The repair cost is negative, completed date is earlier than received date, or completed date is missing for a completed repair.
2. The system displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the invalid information.
Return to step 7 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 12.1 - Notification sending fails
1. The repair ticket update is saved, but the Mail Service cannot send notification.
2. The system displays a warning and allows the user to resend notification later. 

2.17 Reporting & Analytics
2.17.1 UC 77 - View Reports
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view reports so that I can review accurate reporting & analytics information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Reporting & Analytics feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested reports data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access reporting functions.
3. The user navigates to the View Reports screen.
4. The system displays available filter conditions such as date range, warehouse, product, partner, status, and document type depending on the report.
5. The user enters or selects filter conditions.
6. The user clicks View/Generate.
7. The system validates the filter conditions.
8. The system retrieves and aggregates data from the relevant modules.
9. The system displays the report in table/chart format with export or print options if available.
10. The user reviews the report result. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - Missing or invalid filter condition
1. The user leaves required filter information blank or enters an invalid date range.
2. The system displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - No report data found
1. No data matches the selected filter condition.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Data range is too large
1. The selected filter range is too broad and may affect performance.
2. The system asks the user to narrow the range or confirms long-running report generation.
3. The user narrows the filter or confirms the action.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Export or print fails
1. The user uses export/print option but the file generation or printer service fails.
2. The system displays an error message while keeping the report result visible.
3. The user retries export/print later. 

2.17.2 UC 78 - View Inventory On-Hand Balance Report
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view inventory on-hand balance report so that I can review accurate reporting & analytics information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Reporting & Analytics feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested inventory on-hand balance report data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access reporting functions.
3. The user navigates to the View Inventory On-Hand Balance Report screen.
4. The system displays available filter conditions such as date range, warehouse, product, partner, status, and document type depending on the report.
5. The user enters or selects filter conditions.
6. The user clicks View/Generate.
7. The system validates the filter conditions.
8. The system retrieves and aggregates data from the relevant modules.
9. The system displays the report in table/chart format with export or print options if available.
10. The user reviews the report result. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - Missing or invalid filter condition
1. The user leaves required filter information blank or enters an invalid date range.
2. The system displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - No report data found
1. No data matches the selected filter condition.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Data range is too large
1. The selected filter range is too broad and may affect performance.
2. The system asks the user to narrow the range or confirms long-running report generation.
3. The user narrows the filter or confirms the action.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Export or print fails
1. The user uses export/print option but the file generation or printer service fails.
2. The system displays an error message while keeping the report result visible.
3. The user retries export/print later. 

2.17.3 UC 79 - View Stock Ledger Report
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view stock ledger report so that I can review accurate reporting & analytics information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Reporting & Analytics feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested stock ledger report data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access reporting functions.
3. The user navigates to the View Stock Ledger Report screen.
4. The system displays available filter conditions such as date range, warehouse, product, partner, status, and document type depending on the report.
5. The user enters or selects filter conditions.
6. The user clicks View/Generate.
7. The system validates the filter conditions.
8. The system retrieves and aggregates data from the relevant modules.
9. The system displays the report in table/chart format with export or print options if available.
10. The user reviews the report result. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - Missing or invalid filter condition
1. The user leaves required filter information blank or enters an invalid date range.
2. The system displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - No report data found
1. No data matches the selected filter condition.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Data range is too large
1. The selected filter range is too broad and may affect performance.
2. The system asks the user to narrow the range or confirms long-running report generation.
3. The user narrows the filter or confirms the action.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Export or print fails
1. The user uses export/print option but the file generation or printer service fails.
2. The system displays an error message while keeping the report result visible.
3. The user retries export/print later. 

2.17.4 UC 80 - View Stock Transfer Report
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view stock transfer report so that I can review accurate reporting & analytics information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Reporting & Analytics feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested stock transfer report data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access reporting functions.
3. The user navigates to the View Stock Transfer Report screen.
4. The system displays available filter conditions such as date range, warehouse, product, partner, status, and document type depending on the report.
5. The user enters or selects filter conditions.
6. The user clicks View/Generate.
7. The system validates the filter conditions.
8. The system retrieves and aggregates data from the relevant modules.
9. The system displays the report in table/chart format with export or print options if available.
10. The user reviews the report result. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - Missing or invalid filter condition
1. The user leaves required filter information blank or enters an invalid date range.
2. The system displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - No report data found
1. No data matches the selected filter condition.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Data range is too large
1. The selected filter range is too broad and may affect performance.
2. The system asks the user to narrow the range or confirms long-running report generation.
3. The user narrows the filter or confirms the action.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Export or print fails
1. The user uses export/print option but the file generation or printer service fails.
2. The system displays an error message while keeping the report result visible.
3. The user retries export/print later. 

2.17.5 UC 81 - View Debt Report
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view debt report so that I can review accurate reporting & analytics information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Reporting & Analytics feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested debt report data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access reporting functions.
3. The user navigates to the View Debt Report screen.
4. The system displays available filter conditions such as date range, warehouse, product, partner, status, and document type depending on the report.
5. The user enters or selects filter conditions.
6. The user clicks View/Generate.
7. The system validates the filter conditions.
8. The system retrieves and aggregates data from the relevant modules.
9. The system displays the report in table/chart format with export or print options if available.
10. The user reviews the report result. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - Missing or invalid filter condition
1. The user leaves required filter information blank or enters an invalid date range.
2. The system displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - No report data found
1. No data matches the selected filter condition.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Data range is too large
1. The selected filter range is too broad and may affect performance.
2. The system asks the user to narrow the range or confirms long-running report generation.
3. The user narrows the filter or confirms the action.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Export or print fails
1. The user uses export/print option but the file generation or printer service fails.
2. The system displays an error message while keeping the report result visible.
3. The user retries export/print later. 

2.17.6 UC 82 - View Dashboard
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view dashboard so that I can review accurate dashboard information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Dashboard feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	 The requested dashboard data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to view the dashboard.
3. The user navigates to the Dashboard screen or is redirected there after login.
4. The system loads key metrics such as inventory summary, import/export status, debt summary, warranty/repair status, and recent activities.
5. The system displays KPI cards, charts, and alerts.
6. The user applies date range or warehouse filters if needed.
7. The system refreshes dashboard metrics according to the selected filters.
8. The user reviews the dashboard overview. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
Step 4.1 - Dashboard data cannot be loaded
1. The system cannot retrieve one or more dashboard data sources.
2. The system displays available widgets and shows an error/empty state for failed widgets.
3. The user refreshes the dashboard later.
Return to step 3 of Normal Flow.
Step 6.1 - Invalid filter condition
1. The user selects an invalid date range or filter value.
2. The system displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the filter condition.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow.
Step 5.1 - No data for selected scope
1. There is no data for the current filter scope.
2. The system displays empty-state widgets with zero values.
3. The user changes filters if needed.
Return to step 6 of Normal Flow. 





2.17.7 UC 83 - View Inventory Summary Report
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view inventory summary report so that I can review accurate reporting & analytics information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Reporting & Analytics feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested inventory summary report data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to access reporting functions.
3. The user navigates to the View Inventory Summary Report screen.
4. The system displays available filter conditions such as date range, warehouse, product, partner, status, and document type depending on the report.
5. The user enters or selects filter conditions.
6. The user clicks View/Generate.
7. The system validates the filter conditions.
8. The system retrieves and aggregates data from the relevant modules.
9. The system displays the report in table/chart format with export or print options if available.
10. The user reviews the report result. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 5.1 - Missing or invalid filter condition
1. The user leaves required filter information blank or enters an invalid date range.
2. The system displays validation messages.
3. The user corrects the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.1 - No report data found
1. No data matches the selected filter condition.
2. The system displays "No data found".
3. The user changes the filter condition.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 8.2 - Data range is too large
1. The selected filter range is too broad and may affect performance.
2. The system asks the user to narrow the range or confirms long-running report generation.
3. The user narrows the filter or confirms the action.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 9.1 - Export or print fails
1. The user uses export/print option but the file generation or printer service fails.
2. The system displays an error message while keeping the report result visible.
3. The user retries export/print later. 

2.17.8 UC 84 - View Business Process Flow
Primary Actors
Manager, Staff with assigned permission	Secondary Actors	None
Description	As a Manager, Staff with assigned permission, I want to view business process flow so that I can review accurate process management information for daily operations and decision-making. 
Preconditions	- The user has logged into the system successfully.
- The user has permission to access the Process Management feature.
- The backend server and database are functioning normally. 
Postconditions	- The requested business process flow data is displayed successfully.
- No business data is modified by this use case. 
Normal Sequence/Flow	1. The user logs into the system successfully.
2. The system checks whether the user has permission to view business process workflows.
3. The user navigates to the Business Process Flow screen.
4. The system displays available workflows such as import, export, transfer, stocktake, warranty, repair, assembly, and disassembly.
5. The user selects one workflow.
6. The system displays the workflow diagram or step-by-step business process information.
7. The user reviews the process and returns to the workflow list if needed. 
Alternative Sequences/Flows	Step 2.1 - No permission
1. The system checks the user's assigned permissions.
2. The user does not have permission to perform this function.
3. The system blocks the action and displays an "Access denied" message.
4. The system keeps the user on the previous page or redirects the user to the Home page.
 
Step 4.1 - No workflow configured
1. The selected module has no workflow information configured.
2. The system displays an empty-state message.
3. The user returns to the workflow list.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 5.1 - User selects unavailable workflow
1. The workflow is hidden, inactive, or not available for the user's permission scope.
2. The system blocks the selection and displays a message.
3. The user selects another workflow.
Return to step 4 of Normal Flow.
 
Step 6.1 - Workflow content cannot be loaded
1. The system cannot load workflow detail due to service or database error.
2. The system displays a temporary error message.
3. The user retries later.
Return to step 5 of Normal Flow. 

3. Functional Requirements
3.1 Authentication 
3.1.1 Login 
3.1.1.1 Login Screen Interface 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Enter Credentials: Input the registered email address or unique username and password.
●	Toggle Password Visibility: Click the inline eye icon to switch between masked and plain text formats.
●	Remember Session: Check the remember me checkbox to persist the active authentication state across browser sessions.
●	Execute Login: Click the login button to submit credentials and access the application dashboard.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Trigger Google SSO: Click the login with Google button to initiate federated identity verification.
●	Navigate to Recovery: Click the forgot password link to open the multi-step password recovery wizard.
Field Name	Description
Form Title 	Display text: "Đăng nhập" (Sign In). 
Subtitle 	Display text: "Chào mừng trở lại! Vui lòng nhập thông tin của bạn." 
Email hoặc Tên đăng nhập 	Data Type: String
Min/Max Length: 5 - 100 characters
Format: Email format or unique alphanumeric string
Initial Data: Empty
Mật khẩu 	Data Type: String
Min/Max Length: 8 - 50 characters
Format: Masked text characters (••••••)
Initial Data: Empty
UI Component: Includes an inline "Eye" icon to toggle password visibility (Show/Hide).
Ghi nhớ đăng nhập 	Data Type: Boolean (Checkbox)
Initial Data: Unchecked
Description: Persists the active user session across browser tabs and system restarts.
Quên mật khẩu? 	Data Type: Hyperlink
Description: Redirects the user to the Forgot Password multi-step wizard workflow (UC-FE-01-04).

Đăng nhập (Button) 	Data Type: Action Button
Description: Validates client inputs against the system identity database and logs the actor into the system based on assigned permissions. Features an integrated login icon.
hoặc tiếp tục với 	Data Type: Text Divider
Description: Visually separates standard credential authorization from external Federated Single Sign-On (SSO).

Đăng nhập bằng Google (Button) 	Data Type: Action Button
Description: Triggers the Google OAuth2 external protocol to initiate federated identity verification. Displays the standard Google logo.
Footer Links 	Secondary navigation links for user assistance: Hỗ trợ (Support), Bảo mật (Security), and Điều khoản (Terms). 
Copyright Text 	Baseline validation text: © 2026 DUY LONG COMPUTER SYSTEM. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 

3.1.2 Login with Google
3.1.2.1 Google Account Selection Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Select Google Account: Choose an existing, pre-authenticated corporate Google account from the displayed session cache.
●	Add Alternative Account: Select the option to use another account to manually input unlisted corporate Google credentials.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Change Interface Language: Click the localized language dropdown menu to modify the system interface rendering layout.
●	Review Legal Disclaimers: Click the integrated hyperlinks to inspect the privacy policies or terms of service agreements.


Field Name
Description
Google Brand Logo 	Standard multi-colored Google 'G' iconography. 
Header Text 	System-generated Google notification text prompting account selection to continue to the target application. 
Account List Group 	Dynamic component displaying active Google account sessions detected within the local browser client context, showing profile pictures, full names, and email addresses. 
Sử dụng một tài khoản khác	Action selection link allowing the user to input separate Google identity credentials if their corporate account is not listed in the default browser cache. 
Consent Disclaimer 	Informational text outlining the data shared with DLCWMS, including the user's name, email address, language preference, and profile picture. 
Terms & Privacy Links Language Selector 	Hyperlinks redirecting users to the official Privacy Policy and Terms of Service agreements. 
Dropdown selection framework to modify the localized rendering language of the standard Google sign-in container interface. 

3.1.3 Logout
3.1.3.1  Logout Confirmation Modal 
 
This modal allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Confirm Session Termination: Click the logout button labeled "Đăng xuất" to clear active authentication tokens, destroy the operational runtime session, and completely exit the platform interface.
●	Cancel Logout Request: Click the cancel button labeled "Hủy" to abort the exit sequence, collapse the active modal layer, and return safely to the system workspace dashboard.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Dismiss via Close Control: Click the upper right corner "X" icon button to close the modal layout context without changes.

Field Name
Description
Modal Header Title 	Display text: "Xác nhận đăng xuất". 
Logout Graphic Icon 	An exit door vector graphic icon enclosed in a light pink circular status layout container. 
Modal Confirmation Notice 	Warning text prompt mapping confirmation guidelines: "Bạn có chắc chắn muốn đăng xuất khỏi hệ thống Duy Long Computer không? Phiên làm việc của bạn sẽ được kết thúc." 
Hủy (Button) 	Neutral boundary selection button container configured to close the active prompt view layer and retain active credentials. 
Đăng xuất (Button) 	High-contrast solid blue primary action box trigger designed to purge local browser cookie registries, revoke session authority keys, and redirect the client context back to the root application login page. 
Dismiss Control (Icon Button) 	Standard "X" symbol utility component positioned at the upper right panel layout border used to safely clear the modal masking overlay. 

3.1.4 Change Password 
3.1.4.1 Change Password Screen 
 

This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Input Security Keys: Enter the current active password, the chosen new password, and re-enter the new password within matching validation fields.
●	Apply Password Updates: Click the update password action button to commit the credential rotation to the system database.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Cancel Passphrase Changes: Click the cancel button to clear all raw text updates and return safely to the system workspace page.
●	Track Workspace Context: Use the breadcrumb trail tracking navigation links to change active workspace panels.
Field Name
Description
Top Navigation Bar 	Global dashboard header displaying the primary system brand title (Duy Long Computer), notification alerts, settings utilities, and the active profile box. 
Breadcrumb Menu 	Navigational tracking path: Home icon > Tài khoản (Account) > Đổi mật khẩu (Change Password). 
Form Title 	Display text: "Đổi mật khẩu" (Change Password). 
Subtitle Instruction 	Display text: "Vui lòng nhập mật khẩu hiện tại và mật khẩu mới để bảo mật tài khoản." 
Mật khẩu hiện tại 	Data Type: String. Format: Masked input field with an inline "Eye" icon visibility toggle. Initial Data: Empty. 
Mật khẩu mới 	Data Type: String. Min Length: 8 characters. Format: Masked input field with an inline "Eye" icon visibility toggle. Confirmed against system complexity checks. Initial Data: Empty. 
Xác nhận mật khẩu mới 	Data Type: String. Format: Masked input field with an inline "Eye" icon visibility toggle. Must match the text input within the Mật khẩu mới field exactly. 
Validation Banner Note 	Warning callout box indicating cryptographic requirements: "Mật khẩu phải có ít nhất 8 ký tự, bao gồm chữ cái và chữ số." 
Cập nhật mật khẩu (Button) 	Data Type: Action Submission Button. Description: Transmits values for backend verification, updates database password logs, and confirms security state change. Features a diskette icon. 
Hủy bỏ (Button) 	Data Type: Cancel Navigation Button. Description: Discards all unsubmitted text modifications and redirects user focus back to the parent dashboard layout. 
Security Footer Note 	Verification stamp at layout baseline: "Hệ thống bảo mật Duy Long v2.0 - Đã được mã hóa 256-bit". 

3.1.5  Forgot Password
3.1.5.1 Step 1: Email Verification Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Specify Recovery Email: Input their unique domain-specific corporate workspace email account into the text field interface.
●	Submit Recovery Request: Click the recovery request button to verify matching identities and dispatch verification tokens.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Abort Recovery Sequence: Click the return link to cancel the current security transaction and return directly to the application login interface.
Field Name
Description
Progress Indicator Bar 	A visual step-tracker component mapping the user sequence lifecycle. State: Step 1 (Xác nhận email) is highlighted as Active; Step 2 (Nhập mã OTP) and Step 3 (Đặt mật khẩu) are set to Inactive/Pending. 
Form Title 	Display text: "Quên mật khẩu?" (Forgot Password?). 
Subtitle Instruction 	Display text: "Nhập địa chỉ email của bạn và chúng tôi sẽ gửi hướng dẫn để bạn có thể đặt lại mật khẩu của mình." 
Địa chỉ Email công việc 	Data Type: String. Format: Strict syntax pattern check applied. Placeholder: name@duylong.com. UI Component: Includes a leading @ placeholder layout icon within the input border bounds. 
Gửi yêu cầu khôi phục (Button) 	Data Type: Action Button. Description: Queries system records for email matching. On success, generates a short-lived numeric OTP token, dispatches it to the recipient's mailbox, and advances the sequence to Step 2. Features a right arrow icon. 
Quay lại trang đăng nhập 	Data Type: Contextual Back Navigation Link. Description: Aborts the recovery attempt and routes the actor to the base Login screen interface. Features a left arrow icon. 
3.1.5.2 Step 2: OTP Verification Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Input OTP Characters: Type the 6-digit verification code received via email directly into the split numeric box arrays.
●	Confirm Security Pin: Click the validation confirmation button to check token accuracy against the backend storage registry.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Monitor Retries Timer: View the automatic countdown timer tracking remaining seconds before a token redistribution can be executed safely.
●	Exit Workflow Progress: Click the return link to reset the workflow status parameters and display the base login layout container.
Field Name
Description
Progress Indicator Bar 	Visual track mapping multi-step wizard state. State: Step 1 is marked as Complete (Checkmark icon status); Step 2 (Nhập mã OTP) is marked Active; Step 3 (Đặt mật khẩu) remains Inactive/Pending. 
Form Title 	Display text: "Xác thực mã OTP" (Verify OTP Code). 
Subtitle Instruction 	Display text: "Vui lòng nhập mã OTP gồm 6 chữ số đã được gửi đến email của bạn để tiếp tục quá trình khôi phục mật khẩu." 
OTP Input Blocks Group 	Description: Composed of 6 individual, adjacent, single-character numeric box inputs. Data Type: Integer array. Behavior: Configured to accept exactly 1 single digit (0-9) per text cell, with auto-focus shifting to the next sequential text box upon entry events. 
Xác nhận (Button) 	Data Type: Action Validation Button. Description: Submits the combined 6-digit cryptographic sequence for verification. If the code is correct, the application permits progression to the final Step 3 workspace. Features a right arrow icon. 
Gửi lại mã sau 01:59 	Data Type: Countdown Timer Status Text. Description: Temporarily locks out the resend capability to mitigate brute-force vector attacks. Displays time tracking remaining in descending MM:SS format before enabling the button again. 
Quay lại trang đăng nhập 	Data Type: Contextual Back Navigation Link. Description: Resets transaction history parameters and transfers the interface state back to the root application Login page. Features a left arrow icon. 


3.1.5.3 Step 3: Reset Password Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Define New Credential: Formulate a new password and enter it within the secure text input container slots.
●	Validate Match Strings: Input the exact string replica inside the secondary confirmation block field for verification checks.
●	Commit Updates: Click the update button to overwrite legacy database fields and secure application login access parameters.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Track Passphrase Strength: Inspect the live criteria list component updating criteria parameters dynamically as characters are entered.
●	Return to Login Screen: Exit the password reset workspace context directly via the backward navigation hyperlink.
Field Name
Description
Progress Indicator Bar 	Visual track mapping user sequence progression. State: Step 1 and Step 2 are set to Complete status; Step 3 (Đặt mật khẩu) is highlighted as Active. 
Form Title 	Display text: "Thiết lập mật khẩu mới" (Set New Password). 
Subtitle Instruction 	Display text: "Vui lòng nhập mật khẩu mới cho tài khoản của bạn. Đảm bảo mật khẩu đủ mạnh để bảo vệ thông tin kho hàng." 
Mật khẩu mới 	Data Type: String. Format: Masked input box featuring a leading "Lock" symbol and a trailing inline "Eye" visibility icon toggle selection. 
Xác nhận mật khẩu mới 	Data Type: String. Format: Masked input box featuring a leading "Reset/Undo Lock" symbol and a trailing inline "Eye" visibility icon toggle selection. Must match the text string entries inside the Mật khẩu mới field perfectly. 
Yêu cầu mật khẩu Group 	Description: Live dynamic client-side list widget tracking current entry text properties against target enterprise safety algorithms. 
Rule Item 1 	Text: "Tối thiểu 8 ký tự". Evaluates to a checked/success icon state if text character length $\ge 8$. 
Rule Item 2 	Text: "Có chữ cái in hoa (A-Z)". Evaluates to a checkmark state once an uppercase match character is appended. 
Rule Item 3 	Text: "Có ít nhất một con số (0-9)". Evaluates to checkmark state once a numerical character string is appended. 
Rule Item 4 	Text: "Ký tự đặc biệt (!@#$...)". Evaluates to checkmark state once a valid non-alphanumeric punctuation icon is appended. 
Cập nhật mật khẩu (Button) 	Data Type: Action Action Button. Description: Commits the modern cryptographic string value to overwrite the legacy data record inside the database, closes the validation flow, and logs out user instances elsewhere. Features a continuous recycle arrow icon. 
Quay lại trang đăng nhập 	Data Type: Contextual Back Navigation Link. Description: Safe escape navigation returning the user window context back to the primary login view panel. Features a left arrow icon. 
3.1.5.4 Step 4: Success Completion Screen
 
This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Verify Update Success: View the confirmation panel layout and checkmark graphics confirming that database modifications were saved successfully.
●	Route Back to Home: Click the primary redirect button to jump directly back onto the root application login interface screen.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Request System Assistance: Click the system administrator to help contact hyperlink if manual technical coordination becomes necessary.


Field Name
Description
Progress Indicator Bar 	Visual track mapping user sequence progression. State: Step 1 and Step 2 are marked as Complete; Step 3 (Hoàn tất) is highlighted as Active. 
Success Icon 	A green circular status graphic containing a checkmark vector confirming the transactional mutation was committed successfully. 
Form Title 	Display text: "Đổi mật khẩu thành công!" 
Subtitle Instruction 	Data Type: Action Navigation Button. Description: Directs the client focus back to the root application Login Screen (UC-FE-01-01) interface. Features an integrated login arrow icon. 
Support Link 	Contextual text link: "Cần hỗ trợ? Liên hệ quản trị viên". Triggers a contact module or help desk ticket mechanism. 
Copyright Text 	Baseline copyright documentation notice: © 2026 DUY LONG COMPUTER SYSTEM. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 
Footer Utility Links 	General system references including localization choice (English (United States)), Help, Privacy, and Terms. 


3.2 Profile Management
3.2.1 View Profile
3.2.1.1 View Profile Interface 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	View Overview Metrics: Review their current high-level personal attributes including profile photo avatar, display name, and system classification tier tracking text.
●	Inspect Core Personal Data: Examine institutional deployment specifications under the "Thông tin cơ bản" group layout mapping employee tracking numbers, formal onboarding timestamps, assignment units, and gender.
●	Scan Contact Coordinates: Check current active communication pathways and identifiers under the "Liên hệ" block container tracking corporate mailbox destinations, verified phone rows, and national registry codes.
●	Verify Security Parameters: Inspect real-time account parameters under the "Quyền hạn & Bảo mật" block container tracking account operational runtime states, structural assignment access tiers, and the most recent session authentication timestamp.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Initialize Information Modifications: Click the primary upper action workspace button component labeled "Chỉnh sửa hồ sơ" to load the editable profile data modification interface form.
Field Name
Description
Mã nhân viên 	Read-only alphanumeric string rendering the unique corporate identity code assigned to the employee. 
Ngày vào làm 	Read-only chronological date property mapping the employee's official onboarding timestamp using the format dd/mm/yyyy. 
Phòng ban 	Read-only string capturing the structural division alignment assigned to the user within the company infrastructure. 
Giới tính 	Read-only text indicator field rendering the verified gender attribute linked to the active profile account record. 
Địa chỉ thường trú 	Read-only long-form alphanumeric text block displaying the registered permanent residential geolocation parameters of the staff member. 
Email công việc 	Read-only electronic communication mailbox link displaying the primary corporate identity electronic mail address handle string. 
Số điện thoại 	Read-only numeric row displaying the primary active verified telephone communication contact path string. 
Số CCCD 	Read-only numeric verification identifier rendering the government identity card tracking digits linked onto the personnel account. 
Loại tài khoản 	Secondary security descriptor item specifying the active operational system tier authority level configuration context. 
Đăng nhập lần cuối 	Status metric component displaying the automated log tracking timestamp mapping the user's latest successful session creation event. 
HOẠT ĐỘNG (Status Badge) 	Real-time visual layout state badge indicating the account is currently verified and enabled for active application access metrics. 

3.2.2 Update Profile
3.2.2.1 Update Profile Interface 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin, Manager, or Staff to:
●	Modify Identity Parameters: Edit alphabetic name strings inside the primary validation entry box input labeled "Họ và tên *".
●	Revise Contact Frameworks: Overwrite existing text details inside active layout form containers tracking phone contacts and electronic email communication destination slots.
●	Alter Spatial Residential Data: Enter updated geographical location descriptors inside the large multiline text area mapping the physical residential address.
●	Configure Event Communication Rules: Check or uncheck the automated security notification box option labeled "Nhận thông báo bảo mật" to control automated system alert warning distributions.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Execute Photo Avatar Uploads: Click the graphic interactive upload widget box component labeled "Thay đổi ảnh đại diện" to mount local image files from disk.
●	Discard Profile Input Adjustments: Click the contextual neutral footer layout button container labeled "Hủy" to strip current text box inputs and return to the default dashboard summary.
●	Commit Profile Modifications: Click the primary action submission layout element block labeled "Lưu thay đổi" featuring an integrated diskette graphic icon to initiate schema validation checks and write parameters into database tables.
Field Name
Description
Họ và tên * 	Data Type: String. Mandatory input text box. Collects the updated name characters used for application interface rendering loops. 
Mã nhân viên 	Data Type: Alphanumeric. Disabled read-only row layout container tracking internal structural reference indices. 
Số điện thoại 	Data Type: Numeric String. Input text row incorporated with a leading telephone icon validating input text against telephone matrices. 
Địa chỉ Email 	Data Type: String. Input text field containing an envelope graphic icon validating electronic mail text syntax layouts. 
Chức vụ / Vị trí 	Data Type: Selection Dropdown List. Locked layout container displaying structural assignment rank matching company hierarchies. 
Phòng ban 	Data Type: Selection Dropdown List. Locked selection layer detailing structural enterprise system segment divisions. 
Địa chỉ thường trú 	Data Type: String. Long-form extended description text box context used to input street name, house number, and ward metrics. 
Nhận thông báo bảo mật 	Data Type: Boolean. Checkbox configuration rule item that toggles email alerts whenever critical structural data changes occur. 


3.3 User Management
3.3.1 View Account List
3.3.1.1 View Account List Interface 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin to:
●	View Overview Metrics: Review total headcounts and real-time operational status summaries via indicator summary cards showing total personnel, active working, pending approval, and resigned staff.
●	Inspect Account Records Table: Browse a structured grid tracking all personnel profiles detailing their avatar graphic, full name, employee reference code, department unit, system role, email string, and active status state.
●	Filter Account Data: Click the filter selection layout widget button to toggle context parameters and restrict rows based on precise operational criteria.
●	Execute Record Search: Input variable alphanumeric keyword strings inside the primary search text box field to look up specific personnel matching unique names, tracking codes, or email handles.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Initialize Member Provisioning: Click the create user action button labeled "Thêm thành viên" to access the registration form workspace.
●	Trigger Row Context Action Options: Click the vertical three-dot icon utility block on any row record to open available manipulation paths.
●	Navigate Pagination Tracks: Click the back, forward, or individual numeric link index boxes to scroll across multi-page system index rows.
Field Name
Description
Search Box Placeholder 	Alphanumeric text field display text: "Tìm kiếm theo tên, mã hoặc email...". 
Bộ lọc (Button) 	Action toggle component displaying an icon pattern used to activate the parameters filter tray block interface. 
Thêm thành viên (Button) 	High-priority primary layout trigger matching a user icon that initiates user creation. 
TỔNG NHÂN SỰ 	System metric field monitoring account profiles marked under an active runtime validation state. 
CHỜ PHÊ DUYỆT 	Security tracking card reflecting new candidate registrations waiting for administrative verification. 
NGHỈ VIỆC 	Operational historical card highlighting individual staff accounts completely removed from warehouse system operations. 
Trạng thái Label indicators 	Localized system operational tags: "Đang hoạt động" (Green indicator), "Chờ duyệt" (Orange indicator), and "Ngừng hoạt động" (Grey indicator). 

3.3.2 Create Account
3.3.2.1 Create Employee Account Form Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin to:
●	Populate Identity Fields: Enter raw personal validation identifiers including the employee name, telephone string contact path, date of birth parameters, identity card code (CCCD), gender option, and permanent residential address layout text.
●	Configure Organizational Metrics: Input specialized institutional tracking records specifying the unique employee ID sequence, enterprise email identity, official activation date, default operational department, and target job classification.
●	Assign Administrative Capabilities: Select the administrative system management setup validation checkbox labeled "Thiết lập tài khoản quản lý hệ thống" to grant backend authorization components.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Abort Input Flow Processes: Click the cancel button labeled "Hủy bỏ" to wipe active entries and return safely to the parent view list screen.
●	Commit New Record Updates: Click the save button labeled "Lưu người dùng" featuring a diskette icon layout design to validate the dataset parameters and submit changes to the database layer.

Field Name
Description
Họ và tên 	Data Type: String. Mandatory validation field. Input text box component with a placeholder sample string format: "Ví dụ: Nguyễn Văn A". 
Mã nhân viên 	Data Type: Alphanumeric. Pre-populated or manual identification tracking string input entry box. 
Số điện thoại 	Data Type: Numeric String. Standard telephone interface slot containing a leading telephone vector icon placeholder text format. 
Địa chỉ Email 	Data Type: String. Standard workspace electronic mailbox account placeholder address format matching the corporate identity structure. 
Ngày sinh 	Data Type: Date string format. Grid layout entry selector field specifying format values matching: mm/dd/yyyy. 
Ngày vào làm việc chính thức 	Data Type: Date string format. Grid layout entry selector field specifying format values matching: mm/dd/yyyy. 
Số CCCD * 	Data Type: Numeric String. Mandatory validation field. Acceptable range input restricted to government identity document metrics. 
Giới tính 	Data Type: Enumeration selection option. Radio button group structure listing selection tracks for: "Nam", "Nữ", or "Khác". 
Chức vụ / Vị trí 	Data Type: Selection Dropdown List. Selection options mapping corporate tier assignments. 
Phòng ban 	Data Type: Selection Dropdown List. Target unit category allocation selection options. 
Địa chỉ thường trú 	Data Type: String. Extended long-form description text entry box tracking clear residential geolocation specifics. 
Thiết lập tài khoản quản lý... 	Data Type: Boolean. Optional toggle choice checkbox component granting administrative control dashboard accessibility layers. 
3.3.3 View Account Detail
3.3.3.1 Account Details Drawer Panel 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin to:
●	Inspect Summary Profiles: Read a high-level visual account overview block positioned in the upper region of a slide-out overlay drawer panel interface tracking active user profile avatars, full name strings, internal codes, and runtime state status tags.
●	Scan Account Category Metrics: Navigate context categories via three informational sub-navigation tab layers tracking general context properties ("Thông tin chung"), direct employee properties ("Thông tin nhân viên"), or advanced authorization matrix rules ("Chức năng/Vai trò").
●	Review Core Identity Properties: Read detailed validation summary categories including active communication parameters and current organizational alignment structures.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Trigger Profile Field Mutation: Click the modification button labeled "Chỉnh sửa" to switch the active layout sheet view state into an editable field layout form context.
●	Save Modifications: Click the submit update button labeled "Lưu thay đổi" to process profile adjustments.
●	Dismiss Drawer Overlay Panel: Click the upper corner 'X' button utility icon to close the context drawer component tracking active information records safely.

Field Name
Description
Thông tin chung Tab 	Navigational menu label tracking default identity metrics, basic communication fields, and corporate location assignments. 
Thông tin nhân viên Tab 	Navigational menu label tracking personal authentication parameter sets. 
Chức năng/Vai trò Tab 	Navigational menu label displaying precise current feature permissions. 
Email công việc 	Read-only communication property rendering the corporate email destination index string profile. 
Số điện thoại 	Read-only communication property rendering the telephone contact verification numeric string. 
Bộ phận 	Read-only organizational data category block showing the corporate division matching: "Phòng Kỹ thuật & Bảo hành". 
Chức danh 	Read-only organizational metadata property identifying the current rank within the corporate structure context. 

3.3.4 Update Information
3.3.4.1 Update Information Interface 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin to:
●	Modify Contact Identifiers: Perform manual corrections over text properties inside the email entry field box layout and telephone verification text slots.
●	Reassign Organizational Hierarchies: Select alternative workspace operational divisions via an active department selection list dropdown overlay, or manually alter structural rank parameters within a text input string container box.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Abort Form Modification Entries: Click the layout cancel link button labeled "Hủy" to reject structural field updates and roll values back into a standard read-only tracking view state context.
●	Commit Profile Edits to Core Storage: Click the action container submission button labeled "Lưu thay đổi" to dispatch updated parameters into the system profile storage repository.

Field Name
Description
Email công việc 	Data Type: String. Active text entry form layer mapping configuration syntax matching target user communication channels. 
Số điện thoại 	Data Type: Numeric String. Active text input row validating numerical parameters against regional phone matrix ranges. 
Bộ phận 	Data Type: Selection Dropdown List. Selection structure containing available enterprise division entities, displayed as: "Phòng Kỹ thuật & Bảo hành". 
Chức danh 	Data Type: String. Active text verification box row used to append updated text descriptions matching internal corporate rank titles. 
Ngày gia nhập 	Data Type: Date string format. Read-only structural creation tracking property displaying the record creation baseline timestamp metrics. 

3.3.5 Lock/Unlock Account
3.3.5.1 Account Suspension Confirmation Modal Prompt 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin to:
●	Evaluate Security Alert Notifications: Inspect a center-aligned system notification banner box overlay containing a large red triangle warning graphic and specific confirmation explanation parameters explaining that a lock event terminates application accessibility options immediately.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Authorize User Access Suspension: Click the high-priority destructive confirmation action element button labeled "Khóa tài khoản" to commit a lock instruction state mutation against the selected account ID.
●	Dismiss Threat Warning Modal: Click the cancel safety utility button labeled "Hủy" to strip the modal block component view layout and preserve the current account runtime validation state.

Field Name
Description
Modal Header Text 	Warning title notification panel indicator display text: "Xác nhận khóa tài khoản". 
Modal Warning Payload 	Content text block explaining system restrictions: "Bạn có chắc chắn muốn khóa tài khoản này không? Người dùng sẽ không thể đăng nhập vào hệ thống cho đến khi được mở khóa lại." 
Hủy (Button) 	Safe selection text border link layout button container configured to terminate modal view presentation. 
Khóa tài khoản (Button) 	High-contrast red action execution element box used to alter account validation criteria parameters inside storage tracks. 

3.3.6 Update Functional Permissions
3.3.6.1 Granular Functional Privileges Configuration Workspace 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin to:
●	Select Target System Modules: Toggle operational workspace contexts using a stacked left vertical module menu selection panel displaying categories including "Kho hàng" (Warehouse), "Bán hàng" (Sales), "Bảo hành" (Warranty), "Công nợ" (Debt Tracking), and "Nhân sự" (Personnel Management).
●	Toggle Master Administrative Authorization: Select the top-level override checkbox element block under a column header labeled "Toàn quyền" to automatically assign or strip all privileges across that entire row functional cluster simultaneously.
●	Configure Feature-Specific Actions Matrix: Check or uncheck precise interaction checkboxes across a horizontal action matrix row tracking distinct capability paths including view entries ("Xem"), create parameters ("Thêm"), mutate fields ("Sửa"), destroy keys ("Xóa"), export datasets ("Xuất Excel"), and output media prints ("In").
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Reject Grid Permission Adjustments: Click the fallback workflow cancel layout container button labeled "Hủy" to reject permissions matrix changes and exit the tracking sheet layout module workspace path safely.
●	Commit Permissions Architecture Matrix Changes: Click the primary save changes container icon label block button labeled "Lưu thay đổi" featuring a storage icon layout pattern to write modern permissions states directly into authorization logs.
Field Name
Description
DANH MỤC MODULE 	Left-hand layout row menu tracker panel displaying system structural sub-components. 
CHỨC NĂNG CHI TIẾT 	Matrix action column mapping functional workspace actions including: "Nhập kho" (Inventory Import), "Xuất kho" (Inventory Export), "Kiểm kê kho" (Stocktake), "Điều chuyển kho" (Stock Transfer), "Quản lý vị trí kho" (Warehouse Spatial Location Management), "Theo dõi tồn kho" (Inventory Tracking Summary), and "Báo cáo kho" (Operational Warehouse Reporting). 
Đã chọn Indicator Box 	High-density blue checkbox visual metric explaining an active enabled parameter structure state layer. 
Chưa chọn Indicator Box 	Empty outline block checkbox state indicating a disabled structural privilege context constraint layer. 
System Operations Warning 	Sub-baseline structural notice note block: "Đối với nghiệp vụ nào không cho sử dụng sẽ bỏ trống không tích". 

3.3.7 View System Audit Logs
3.3.7.1 System Operational Audit Logs Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin to:
●	Restrict Search Logs Timeline: Input boundary range timeline parameters using a specialized chronological date picker block input layout field labeled "Khoảng thời gian".
●	Isolate Targeting Functional Systems: Pick explicit target categories within a system structural component dropdown container filtering logs down onto standalone module records.
●	Filter Action Logs via User Reference: Input personnel identity keywords inside a lookup input field component labeled "Người dùng" to track interactions to a single unique employee tracking index key.
●	Scan Transaction Table Overviews: Review rows inside a comprehensive audit logging tracking data row window showing transaction execution timestamps, active identity details, specific transaction descriptors, module categories, specific data modifications, originating client machine network tracking strings (IP Address), and deep log analysis index links.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Execute Audit Query Searches: Click the search execution submission action container button labeled "Tra cứu" to filter table outputs based on filled-out tracking criteria definitions.
●	Launch Payload Detail Analysis Panels: Click the inline eye overview icon component under a column header labeled "Chi tiết" to render an overlay panel summarizing the exact raw payload changes.
●	Navigate Historical Page Sequences: Move forward or backward across log table arrays via numeric pagination component page tracks positioned at the footer of the log array chart matrix.
Field Name
Description
Khoảng thời gian 	Data Type: Date Range String. Calendar picker interface row mapping a validation range layout, pre-set to: 20/05/2024 - 27/05/2024. 
Phân hệ 	Data Type: Dropdown Selection Option. Standard entity filtering box containing target application classifications, initialized to: "Tất cả". 
Người dùng 	Data Type: String. Alphanumeric search bar incorporating an inline search graphic icon, matching placeholder string layout instruction text: "Tìm tên hoặc ID nhân viên...". 
Tra cứu (Button) 	High-contrast blue action box trigger designed to execute background system audit record fetching cycles. 
THỜI GIAN 	Structured log chart column capturing exact millisecond transactional logging timestamps format: DD/MM/YYYY HH:MM:SS. 
NGƯỜI DÙNG 	Log row identity metric container listing active profile designations and unique internal alphanumeric identifier sequences. 
THAO TÁC 	Category label tag highlights reflecting action classification statuses: "THÊM MỚI" (Orange), "SỬA" (Blue), "XÓA" (Red), and "ĐĂNG NHẬP" (Grey). 
NỘI DUNG CHI TIẾT 	Plain English/Vietnamese system transaction description logging string summarizing changed entities, parameters, tracking reference strings, or unique item serial keys. 
ĐỊA CHỈ IP 	System logging tracker mapping network verification string rows capturing client location routing info. 
CHI TIẾT (Icon Button) 	Inline eye vector interface component used to activate secondary raw metadata change inspection dashboards. 

3.4 Warehouse Management
3.4.1 View Warehouse List
3.4.1.1 Warehouse List Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Browse Warehouse Records Table: Review a master data grid detailing warehouse codes (MÃ KHO), warehouse names (TÊN KHO), physical addresses (ĐỊA CHỈ), real-time operational status tags (TRẠNG THÁI), and regional corporate branch tracking units (CHI NHÁNH).
●	Filter Warehouse Information: Populate drop-down choice elements and input specific search fields to narrow down active table rows based on warehouse code criteria, detailed warehouse names, precise physical addresses, operational status levels, or designated branch locations.
●	Execute Filtering Actions: Click the filtering action execution button labeled "Lọc dữ liệu" to run background data queries based on custom configurations.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Initialize Warehouse Creation Modal: Click the primary upper-right layout button labeled "+ Thêm kho" to trigger the creation wizard overlay popup.
●	Export Table Records: Click the utility export button labeled "Xuất Excel" to download the current warehouse grid data as a spreadsheet file.
●	Refresh List Data: Click the circular arrows synchronization button to pull the latest active records directly from the inventory database.
●	Launch Row Context Actions: Click the inline action icons under the operations column (THAO TÁC) to view a specific item's details (eye vector), edit a record (pencil vector), or remove a warehouse block entry (trash bin vector).
●	Navigate Grid Pagination: Scroll across table arrays using the sequential numeric step tracking pagination controls and modify row limit layouts via the drop-down selector labeled "bản ghi / trang".
Field Name
Description
Tìm theo mã kho 	Data Type: String. Filter text box input mapping sample placeholder text guidelines: "Ví dụ: K01, MK01...". 
Tìm theo tên kho 	Data Type: String. Filter text field entry allowing manual input with placeholder string: "Nhập tên kho hàng". 
Địa chỉ 	Data Type: String. Filter input lane tracking specific location details matching placeholder layout string: "Nhập địa chỉ". 
Trạng thái 	Data Type: Dropdown Selection Option. Standard runtime status filter box initialized to default value: "Tất cả". 
Chi nhánh 	Data Type: Dropdown Selection Option. Standard corporate branch division filter box initialized to default status value: "Tất cả chi nhánh". 
Lọc dữ liệu (Button) 	High-contrast orange selection action container block used to execute database filtering parameters. 
+ Thêm kho (Button) 	High-priority blue function button incorporating a mathematical addition symbol to load warehouse creation fields. 
Trạng thái Label Indicators 	Visual status tags rendering active corporate operation modes: "Đang hoạt động" (Green indicator), "Tạm ngưng" (Orange indicator), or "Ngừng sử dụng" (Red indicator). 

3.4.2 View Warehouse Details
3.4.2.1 Warehouse Detailed Workspace Dashboard 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Monitor Inventory Metric Cards: Inspect total unique products, overall physical inventory stock tallies, and the total financial valuation of warehouse inventory along with real-time trend percentages.
●	Review Base Warehouse Configurations: Examine detailed read-only master specifications including the unique warehouse code, full naming attributes, precise location addresses, responsible management personnel account, regional corporate branch, creator identity, and creation timestamp.
●	Verify Spatial Mapping Geolocation: Inspect the integrated visual localization graphic map widget showing the precise latitude and longitude coordinate properties of the active warehouse.
●	Check Urgent Operational Alerts: Read automated high-priority system notification parameters detailing impending low-stock or expiration risks.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Switch Information Context Tabs: Click the sub-navigation tab controls to seamlessly transition between the General Information ("Thông tin chung"), Statistics ("Thống kê"), and Activity History ("Lịch sử hoạt động") panels.
●	Trigger Configuration Modifications: Click the edit action button ("Chỉnh sửa") to open the warehouse update form overlay workspace modal.
●	Initialize Record Destruction: Click the delete button ("Xóa") to trigger the access safety validation confirmation prompt modal.
●	Address Low-Stock Warnings Quickly: Click the high-priority action execution button ("Xem ngay") inside the urgent alert banner to navigate directly to the filtered stock tracking sheet.
●	Expand Location Mapping: Click the inline text hyperlink ("Phóng to") to enlarge the geographical localization tracking map.
Field Name
Description
Screen Title 	Read-only text string rendering the warehouse title and the database key index sequence, formatted as: "Kho Hà Nội (K01)". 
Status Badge 	Visual layout state marker showing the active enterprise operational mode initialized to: "Đang hoạt động" (Green dot vector). 
Chỉnh sửa (Button) 	Action execution tool incorporating a pencil graphic used to load editable structural input rows. 
Xóa (Button) 	Destructive action trigger button featuring a trash bin symbol to open the deletion workflow validation screen. 
Sub-navigation Tabs 	Context selection panel mapping three workspace layouts: "Thông tin chung" (Default active context), "Thống kê", and "Lịch sử hoạt động". 
Tổng số sản phẩm (Card) 	Metric status card capturing total unique component models stored (e.g., 1,425) along with a directional growth tracking rate (+12%). 
Tổng tồn kho (Card) 	Metric tally box calculating total physical stock units currently sitting inside inventory slots (e.g., 24,890) alongside a stability flag (Ổn định). 
Giá trị tồn kho (Card) 	Financial valuation summary card calculating the cumulative value of stored computer hardware goods (e.g., 1.25B đ) alongside a change index rate (+5.4%). 
MÃ KHO 	Read-only alphanumeric string rendering the immutable system database index key code. Example: K01. 
TÊN KHO 	Read-only descriptive character text field displaying the official branch name string layout parameter: Kho Hà Nội - Chi nhánh chính. 
ĐỊA CHỈ 	Read-only structural geolocation description text block capturing physical warehouse positioning coordinates. 
TÀI KHOẢN QUẢN LÝ 	Read-only user identification component row rendering the profile image chip and full name of the assigned Manager. 
CHI NHÁNH 	Read-only data field mapping organizational supply chain region assignments. Example: Hà Nội I. 
NGƯỜI TẠO 	Read-only historical tracking text mapping the specific system identity account that provisioned the row record. Example: Admin System. 
NGÀY TẠO 	Read-only baseline record timestamp capturing the initialization event date parameters using format layout text: dd/mm/yyyy - hh:mm. 
Vị trí thực tế (Card) 	Spatial map graphic widget containing network geographical coordinate parameters rendering current layout strings format: "Tọa độ: 21.0012, 105.8436". 
Thông báo khẩn (Card) 	Structural warning container documenting rapid stock depletion risks: "Có 3 mặt hàng sắp hết hạn tồn kho trong tuần này. Vui lòng kiểm tra danh sách phiếu xuất." 
Xem ngay (Button) 	High-contrast orange submission button embedded inside warning alerts used to redirect user workspace focuses directly into inventory audit logs. 

3.4.3 Create Warehouse
3.4.3.1 Add Warehouse Modal Prompt 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Populate Mandatory Identifiers: Input custom warehouse validation text markers into the alphanumeric box layout labeled "Mã kho *" and supply descriptive corporate identification tags within the text entry box labeled "Tên *".
●	Delegate Management Accountability: Select an eligible operational management profile from the structural account dropdown overlay menu component labeled "Tài khoản kho".
●	Define Physical Spatial Location: Enter complete geographical path instructions within the large description text area block field input labeled "Địa chỉ".
●	Toggle Operational Security Modes: Adjust system flag metrics using side-by-side binary slider toggle elements to determine rapid activation states (Kích hoạt ngay) or configure high-level encryption safety restrictions (Kho bảo mật cao).
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Abort Setup Operations: Click the text link cancellation block button labeled "Hủy bỏ" to discard form entries and dismiss the modal layout container.
●	Commit Data and Multi-Thread Creation: Click the processing loop button labeled "Lưu & Thêm tiếp" to save the input parameters, clear the form text areas, and keep the modal view open for subsequent entries.
●	Finalize Database Record Appending: Click the final action block container labeled "Lưu kho" to save the data entry values into the system storage repository and close the workspace box interface safely.
Field Name
Description
Mã kho 	Data Type: Alphanumeric String. Mandatory input text box validation lane. Placeholder template instructions: "Nhập mã định danh (vd: K05)". 
Tên 	Data Type: String. Mandatory descriptive field layout container box tracking precise title designations: "Tên kho hàng chi tiết". 
Tài khoản kho 	Data Type: Dropdown Selection Menu. Lists eligible personnel profiles matching selection rules instruction: "Chọn tài khoản quản lý". 
Địa chỉ 	Data Type: String. Multi-row text block box collecting location coordinates format: "Địa chỉ đầy đủ của kho hàng...". 
Kích hoạt ngay 	Data Type: Boolean. Sliding switch toggle component tracking immediate application profile availability states upon initialization. 
Kho bảo mật cao 	Data Type: Boolean. Sliding switch toggle component used to restrict data accessibility logs onto high-value device layers. 

3.4.4 Update Warehouse
3.4.4.1 Edit Warehouse Modal Prompt 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Modify Structural Properties: Overwrite text characters inside the required name string input row box container labeled "Tên kho *".
●	Reassign Assigned Supervisors: Open the account management list selector dropdown overlay panel labeled "Tài khoản kho" to change the profile assignment mapping rules.
●	Amend Spatial Coordinate Parameters: Revise geographical descriptive addresses inside the designated location text field container box row labeled "Địa chỉ".
●	Append Supplemental Status Context: Type descriptive annotations or specialized spatial layout instructions inside the multi-line text input field layer box labeled "Mô tả".
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Dismiss Configuration Adjustments: Click the neutral escape text choice link button labeled "Hủy" to reject structural form changes and return safely to the parent dataset.
●	Commit Updated Parameter Configurations: Click the execution action button labeled "Cập nhật kho" to trigger system validation algorithms and rewrite warehouse records inside the database.
Field Name
Description
Mã kho 	Data Type: Alphanumeric String. Locked read-only validation text box displaying the unalterable system key index. Example: K01. 
Tên kho 	Data Type: String. Mandatory active character text entry lane initialized with current values: "Kho Hà Nội - Chi nhánh chính". 
Tài khoản kho 	Data Type: Dropdown Selection Menu. Dropdown layout showing the active managing director context name: "Nguyễn Mạnh Hùng". 
Địa chỉ 	Data Type: String. Large text configuration field capturing spatial location details: "Số 45, Đường Giải Phóng, Quận Hai Bà Trưng, TP. Hà Nội". 
Mô tả 	Data Type: String. Optional multi-line textual description block container mapping placeholder entry guidelines: "Nhập mô tả thêm về kho...". 

3.4.5 Delete Warehouse
3.4.5.1 Warehouse Destruction Confirmation Dialog Modal 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Verify Selection Deletion Metrics: Evaluate the warning prompt modal overlay panel containing an alert indicator symbol and explicit confirmation notification strings tracking the target warehouse title identity layout text box: Kho Hà Nội (K01).
●	Read Critical Impact Warnings: Review system warning notifications highlighted in red text formatting explaining that repository removal operations are terminal structural tasks (Hành động này không thể hoàn tác).
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Authorize Core Record Elimination: Click the high-priority destructive execution action button labeled "Xóa kho" to wipe the warehouse configuration record from database index layers.
●	Cancel Destructive Workflows: Click the safe cancel selection container button labeled "Hủy" to terminate modal prompt visualization streams and preserve inventory tracking records intact

Field Name
Description
Modal Header Text 	Warning title confirmation banner text display: "Xóa kho". 
Target Element Label 	Bold blue text component identifying the warehouse record marked for deletion: "Kho Hà Nội (K01)". 
Hủy (Button) 	Safe text box container block designed to clear screen modal masking layouts. 
Xóa kho (Button) 	Solid red block execution interface tool that alters inventory storage data arrays. 
3.5 Supplier Management 
3.5.1 View Supplier List
3.5.1.1 Supplier Directory Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Monitor Consolidated Liability Metrics: Read real-time aggregated supplier financial summaries via three top horizontal data cards detailing total overdue past-due debt (NỢ QUÁ HẠN), cumulative outstanding payables balance (TỔNG NỢ PHẢI TRẢ), and total successfully processed payments within the trailing 30-day window (ĐÃ THANH TOÁN (30 NGÀY)).
●	Browse Master Supplier Table Grid: Inspect structured index rows tracking authenticated business entities across dedicated column parameters mapping selection checkboxes, unique corporate registration sequences (MÃ NHÀ CUNG CẤP), official trade names (TÊN NHÀ CUNG CẤP), registered facility addresses (ĐỊA CHỈ), current net debt tallies (SỐ TIỀN NỢ), official tax credentials (MÃ SỐ THUẾ), and operational functional paths (CHỨC NĂNG).
●	Filter Cached Grid Arrays: Click the filter activation button labeled "Lọc" to expand granular parameter settings trays to isolate target row items based on organizational attributes.
●	Execute Targeted Search Queries: Input alphanumeric character keywords inside the text box placeholder lane to run quick lookups matching supplier codes or corporate entity names.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Launch Supplier Provisioning Form: Click the primary action execution element labeled "+ Thêm mới" to open the multi-tab supplier profile creation modal overlay workspace.
●	Initiate Inbound Inventory Procurement: Click the active contextual inline dropdown shortcut text row labeled "Lập CT mua hàng" under the functions column to directly bridge out and instantiate a new inbound stock inventory import transaction flow tied to the target row supplier key.
●	Synchronize Active Repository States: Click the circular arrows refresh graphic icon to force-reload the grid data view with live transactional inputs from database tables.
●	Export Ledger Sheets: Click the sheet icon button labeled "Xuất Excel" to render and extract the matching table rows context into an external spreadsheet document asset.
●	Alter Grid Pagination Footers: Use the pagination step controls to switch page indices, view total records counts ("Tổng số: 2 bản ghi"), and change rows visibility thresholds using the limits drop-down selector menu ("2 bản ghi trên 1 trang").
Field Name
Description
+ Thêm mới (Button) 	High-priority primary action layout trigger that launches the empty vendor profile registration panel workspace. 
NỢ QUÁ HẠN (Metric Card) 	High-contrast data summary card counting outstanding vendor balance liabilities that have breached contract duration periods. Includes a warning icon indicator and calculation timestamp marker. 
TỔNG NỢ PHẢI TRẢ (Card) 	Financial summary matrix card summarizing the total net financial balance liabilities owed across the vendor distribution ecosystem. Includes a calculator graphic icon. 
ĐÃ THANH TOÁN (Card) 	Informational financial summary tracking card aggregating all completed monetary disbursements fulfilled over a rolling 30-day window constraint. Includes a checkmark graphic symbol. 
Lọc (Button) 	Layout control button used to toggle configuration filtering fields over the active supplier table columns. 
Search Bar Input Field 	Alphanumeric entry field container incorporating an internal search graphic symbol. Maps exact placeholder text guidelines: "Tìm tên hoặc mã NCC...". 
MÃ NHÀ CUNG CẤP 	Data Type: Alphanumeric String. Unique database index key column tracking vendor identity parameters. 
TÊN NHÀ CUNG CẤP 	Data Type: String. Text string column displaying official commercial trade name registrations. 
ĐỊA CHỈ 	Data Type: String. Alphanumeric description text lane tracking master physical corporate office geolocations. 
SỐ TIỀN NỢ 	Data Type: Currency Numeric. Aggregated real-time financial cell tracking total balances remaining for specific vendor accounts. 
MÃ SỐ THUẾ 	Data Type: Alphanumeric String. Official government tax identification registration number sequence cell. Displays a placeholder string "Chưa cập nhật" if fields remain unpopulated. 
Lập CT mua hàng 	Contextual action link menu providing direct redirection paths to draft inventory import receipts for the matching row entity. 

3.5.2 View Supplier Details
3.5.2.1 Supplier Master Details Workspace Dashboard 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Review Individual Financial Status Banners: Audit the distinct past-due totals (NỢ QUÁ HẠN), total outstanding liabilities balance (Tổng nợ phải trả), and cumulative processed expenditures within a trailing window (Đã thanh toán (30 ngày)) specifically generated for the individual open vendor profile.
●	Inspect Base Profile Configuration Fields: Read read-only master registration values bounded inside the "Thông tin cơ bản" container grouping dataset fields tracking complete corporate names, internal identity codes, tax selection numbers, primary phone lines, complete geographical addresses, specialized industry market classifications, and profile creation timestamps.
●	Scan Institutional Banking Protocols: Browse registered wire paths inside the "Tài khoản ngân hàng" layout block container detailing authorized corporate banking networks (e.g., Vietcombank, BIDV), structural branch locations, routing account number strings, and matching owner designation fields.
●	Verify Key Personnel Contacts Matrix: Review the rows chart layout nested inside the "Người liên hệ" container summarizing names, institutional ranks, phone contact coordinates, and dedicated electronic corporate mailboxes assigned for vendor interaction management.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Switch Workspace Data Panels: Click sub-navigation category tab rows to pivot information tracking focuses between General Info ("Thông tin chung"), Transaction History ("Lịch sử giao dịch"), Granular Accounts Ledger ("Công nợ chi tiết"), and Shared Digital Attachments Folder ("Tập tin đính kèm (0)").
●	Load Profile Field Modification Forms: Click the upper action control button labeled "Chỉnh sửa" featuring a pencil symbol to open the editable parameters form wizard panel.
●	Initialize Supplier Removal Logic: Click the destructive action button labeled "Xóa" to trigger security confirmation prompts before completely removing the vendor profile.
●	Examine Geographical Thumbnail Geolocation: Review an integrated digital location media mapping widget to pin and verify the supplier's warehouse or central supply base geolocation attributes.
Field Name
Description
Screen Title Header 	Bold prominent textual layout field rendering the full official trade title entry string. Example: "CÔNG TY TNHH CÔNG NGHIỆP H VIỆT NAM". 
Tax Registry Tag Badge 	Read-only identification subtitle chip highlighting the key database record reference value next to a status indicator tag showing: "Đang hoạt động". 
Chỉnh sửa (Button) 	Interface action button that switches the current asset sheet context into an active data modification input screen. 
Xóa (Button) 	High-contrast border button component configured to initialize database deletion verification workflows. 
Thông tin cơ bản Grid Box 	Structured text grouping block capturing unique fields: "Tên nhà cung cấp", "Mã nhà cung cấp", "Mã số thuế", "Điện thoại", "Địa chỉ", "Lĩnh vực kinh doanh", and "Ngày tạo". 
Tài khoản ngân hàng (Card) 	Structured sub-container layout rendering official institutional banking matrices including account names, digits, and branch geolocations. 
Người liên hệ Table 	Sub-grid component mapping active vendor agent rows tracking specific columns: "Họ và tên", "Chức vụ", "Số điện thoại", and "Email". 
3.5.3 Create Supplier
3.5.3.1 Add Supplier Modal Form Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Classify Corporate Identity Classifications: Toggle legal profile definitions using top horizontal selection radio button controls picking between formal corporate bodies (Tổ chức) or independent professional entities (Cá nhân).
●	Fill Master Identity Input Lanes: Populate clean unspaced form slots tracking the system-assigned unique vendor identification tag (Mã nhà cung cấp), formal tax registration sequence (Mã số thuế), office telephone coordinates (Điện thoại), required official commercial title designation (Tên nhà cung cấp *), internet website link URL string (Website), physical address path (Địa chỉ), and organizational market classification category drop-down list items (Nhóm nhà cung cấp).
●	Specify Internal Personnel Agents Attributes: Input dynamic communication credentials inside sub-tab form layout rows tracking individual name titles (Người liên hệ), legal representative fields (Đại diện theo PL), personal electronic mail paths (Email), and cellular network line slots (Số điện thoại di động).
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Pivot Parameter Configuration Categories: Select navigation tab ribbons positioned above the sub-form canvas layout to jump entry fields between Contact Channels ("Thông tin liên hệ"), Payment Agreement Terms ("Điều khoản thanh toán"), Core Bank Accounts ("Tài khoản ngân hàng"), and Freeform Annotations ("Ghi chú").
●	Dismiss Creation Workspace Safely: Close out the overlay layout window instantly without recording changes by clicking the top right corner 'X' symbol or clicking the baseline boundary escape button labeled "Hủy".
●	Commit Data with Continuous Generation Loop: Click the processing loop action button labeled "Lưu & Thêm tiếp" to push current inputs into system storage tables while keeping the form open with cleared input fields for consecutive data insertion tasks.
●	Save Record and Exit Modal Container: Click the primary action button labeled "Lưu" to validate structural syntax layouts, finalize record creation loops, and force-reload the parent list sheet grid.
Field Name
Description
Tổ chức / Cá nhân (Radio) 	Selection toggle controls defining systemic validation schema rules for corporate or single-person entities. 
Mã nhà cung cấp 	Data Type: Alphanumeric String. Form text input field. Collects custom unique profile keys. Example pre-filled formatting: NCC_2024_001. 
Mã số thuế 	Data Type: Alphanumeric String. Entry validation lane tracking official enterprise tax classification codes. 
Điện thoại 	Data Type: Numeric String. Input text box incorporating a voice layout symbol vector validating telephone sequences. 
Tên nhà cung cấp  	Data Type: String. Mandatory form entry row. Collects full corporate titles used within automated system document generation workflows. 
Website 	Data Type: String. URL data collector input containing a globe iconography vector validating electronic internet site pathways. 
Địa chỉ 	Data Type: String. Large multi-row descriptive field block capturing primary corporate distribution geolocations. 
Nhóm nhà cung cấp 	Data Type: Selection Dropdown Menu. Organizational classification assignment tool initialized to: "Sản phẩm công nghệ". 
Thông tin liên hệ Sub-Tab Grid 	Secondary localized data group capturing personnel contact items: "Người liên hệ", "Đại diện theo PL", "Email", and "Số điện thoại di động". 
Lưu & Thêm tiếp (Button) 	Secondary submission trigger that saves current input models and resets all text box values back to initial empty configurations. 
Lưu (Button) 	High-contrast solid blue primary action box container used to compile, validate, and write the supplier data record to permanent database tables. 

3.5.4 Update Supplier
3.5.4.1 Edit Supplier Configuration Screen 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Alter Active Identity Parameters: Perform adjustments over pre-populated form fields tracking business structure classifications, enterprise tax identifiers, office voice phone lines, verified trade titles, digital domain handles, and comprehensive warehouse facility addresses.
●	Amend Sub-Layer Communication Frameworks: Refine active contact management attributes by rewriting field lines capturing personnel titles, electronic email targets, and unique direct phone networks.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Traverse Advanced Form Sheet Directories: Pivot sub-form input lanes using category selection tabs mapping contact channels ("Thông tin liên hệ"), payment rules ("Điều khoản thanh toán"), bank accounts ("Tài khoản ngân hàng"), alternative locations ("Địa chỉ khác"), and annotations ("Ghi chú").
●	Abort Form Modification Entries: Click the layout escape container button labeled "Hủy" to strip manual changes and safely exit back to the baseline profile sheet layer.
●	Perform Intermediate State Saving: Click the secondary backup trigger labeled "Cất" to cache the input modifications within temporary data buffers without exiting the form layout workspace.
●	Commit Updates to Permanent Repositories: Click the primary action execution button labeled "Cập nhật" to trigger backend parameters syntax verification loops, update supplier records, and synchronize change logs.
Field Name
Description
Mã nhà cung cấp 	Data Type: Alphanumeric String. Mandatory record index label box showing current unalterable identity codes. Example: NCC_INTEL_VN. 
Mã số thuế 	Data Type: Alphanumeric String. Active configuration line field populated with corporate tax codes: 0303861214. 
Điện thoại 	Data Type: Numeric String. Alphanumeric phone row container pre-loaded with current connection metrics: 028 3823 3333. 
Tên nhà cung cấp 	Data Type: String. Mandatory form validation text input pre-loaded with full naming values: "Công ty TNHH Intel Việt Nam". 
Website 	Data Type: String. Active text slot tracking internet domain destination structures: https://www.intel.vn. 
Địa chỉ 	Data Type: String. Long-form multi-line text input block capturing physical supplier facilities setup instructions. 
Người liên hệ Dropdown Prefix 	Selection selector widget isolating professional title classifications, initialized to value: "Bà". 
Người liên hệ Text Slot 	Data Type: String. Active field row capturing personnel contact names: "Nguyễn Thị Thanh Thảo". 
Lưu (Button) 	Intermediate submission button configured to save local parameter edits to state arrays. 
Cập nhật (Button) 	High-contrast execution action layout block designed to finalize updates and commit modified properties to database layers. 

3.5.5 Delete Supplier
3.5.5.1 Supplier Deletion Confirmation Dialog Modal 
 
This screen allows the Super Admin or Manager to:
●	Review Supplier Destruction Target Specifications: Verify erasure parameters inside a center-aligned system notification dialog panel featuring a distinct warning caution triangle icon and a target verification string explicitly capturing the profile identity title: "Bạn có chắc chắn muốn xóa nhà cung cấp Công ty TNHH Intel Việt Nam (NCC001)?".
●	Read Permanent Action Security Notices: Evaluate critical database state alerts highlighted inside the center of the warning layout box explicitly specifying the unalterable nature of the command text: "Hành động này không thể hoàn tác.".
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Authorize Vendor Profile Deletion: Click the primary solid red action execution button labeled "Xác nhận xóa" to run the destructive repository database query, clear the vendor reference key from active registers, and refresh screen states.
●	Dismiss Threat Warning Prompts Safely: Click the top alignment panel 'X' icon link tool or select the clean cancel button labeled "Hủy" to reject structural profile termination and preserve supplier ledger tables intact.
Field Name
Description
Modal Prompt Header 	Alert title notification banner text display: "Xác nhận xóa nhà cung cấp". 
Warning Description Block 	Text container prompting final verification before removal operations: "Bạn có chắc chắn muốn xóa nhà cung cấp Công ty TNHH Intel Việt Nam (NCC001)?". 
System Destructive Alert 	Critical operational notice emphasized inside a light red status container row: "Hành động này không thể hoàn tác.". 
Hủy (Button) 	Safe selection text border link layout button designed to dismiss modal masks and safeguard system properties. 
Xác nhận xóa (Button) 	High-contrast red block execution interface tool that deletes the supplier profile across database lookup streams. 

3.6 Product Management
3.6.1 View Product List
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	View inventory overview: quickly monitor high-level metrics through summary cards, including the total number of items, items running low on stock (Sắp hết hàng), and out-of-stock items (Hết hàng).
●	Manage goods and services list: view a comprehensive catalog of all items, showing details such as item code, name, type, tax status, current stock quantity, and total inventory value.
●	Search and filter items: locate specific items by entering keywords in the search bar, or use the advanced filter (Lọc nâng cao) to narrow down the list based on specific criteria.
●	Export data: download the current list of items into a spreadsheet format by clicking Xuất Excel.
●	Create new items: add a new product or service to the system catalog by clicking the + Thêm mới button.
●	Execute row-level actions: quickly modify an item's details using the edit icon (pencil) or access additional actions via the more options icon (three vertical dots) in the Chức năng column.
●	Monitor insights: view visual analytics, such as the 30-day inbound inventory trend chart (Xu hướng nhập kho) located at the bottom of the dashboard.
Field Name
Description
Tổng danh mục hàng hóa 	Summary card displaying the total count of active products/items registered in the system. 
Sắp hết hàng 	Summary card highlighting the number of items that have dropped to or below their low-stock warning threshold. 
Hết hàng 	Summary card highlighting the number of items that have dropped to or below their low-stock warning threshold. 
Tìm theo tên hoặc mã hàng... 	Global search bar for the grid, allowing users to type and find items by their specific code or name. 
Lọc nâng cao 	Button used to open a panel with additional, complex filtering options. 
Xuất Excel 	Button used to export the currently displayed table data into an Excel (.xlsx) file. 
+ Thêm mới 	Button used to open the creation form for a new good or service. 
Ô chọn dòng (Checkbox) 	Allows the user to select one or more items in the list for bulk actions. 
Mã hàng 	Displays the unique alphanumeric identifier for the item (e.g., VT00001). 
Tên hàng hóa, dịch vụ 	Displays the full name of the product or service, accompanied by a categorized icon. 
Tính chất 	Indicates the classification of the record using a label, such as HÀNG HÓA (Goods) or DỊCH VỤ (Service). 
Giảm thuế 	Displays the VAT or tax reduction status applicable to the item (e.g., 8% (VAT) or Chưa xác định). 
Số lượng tồn 	Shows the current physical quantity available in the warehouse. Negative or critical values are highlighted in red (e.g., (1,00)). 
Giá trị tồn 	Calculates and displays the total financial value of the current stock for that specific item line. 
Chức năng 	Contains quick-action icons for each row: an edit button (pencil) to modify the item, and a menu button (three dots) for more options. 
Tổng cộng (Footer) 	Displays the aggregate sums for the Số lượng tồn (Total Stock) and Giá trị tồn (Total Value) columns across the current view. 

3.6.2 Item Type Selection Modal
 
his modal screen appears when the Manager / Staff clicks the + Thêm mới button on the main Goods and Services management page. It allows them to:
●	Select item nature: choose the specific classification of the new item they want to create (e.g., Goods, Materials, Finished Products, or Services). This step ensures the system routes the user to the correct data entry form with appropriate accounting and inventory rules.
●	Cancel action: abort the creation process and return to the main list by closing the modal.
Field Name
Description
Tiêu đề 	Displays "Chọn tính chất hàng hóa dịch vụ", guiding the user to select the correct category before proceeding. 
Nút Đóng (X icon) 	Action button located at the top right, used to close the modal window without making a selection. 
Hàng hóa 	Selection button to create standard goods. Includes a sub-description indicating these are products bought and resold to customers (Sản phẩm bạn mua và bán lại cho khách hàng). 
Vật tư & Phụ tùng 	Selection button to create materials or spare parts. Includes a sub-description indicating these are input materials used for production, construction, or providing services (Nguyên liệu đầu vào dùng cho hoạt động sản xuất, xây dựng, cung cấp dịch vụ). 
Thành phẩm 	Selection button to create finished products. Includes a sub-description indicating these are output products resulting from the manufacturing process (Là sản phẩm đầu ra của quá trình sản xuất). 
Dịch vụ 	Selection button to create service items. Includes a sub-description indicating these are intangible services provided to customers (Dịch vụ mà bạn cung cấp cho khách hàng). 

3.6.3 Create Product
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	Input core item details: enter mandatory information such as the item name and code, and select its classification group and primary unit of measurement.
●	Configure tax and warranty: set applicable tax reduction rules and define the product's warranty period.
●	Set inventory thresholds: define the minimum stock quantity to trigger low-stock alerts in the system.
●	Add supplementary descriptions: input the item's origin, a general description, and specific notes tailored for buying and selling transactions.
●	Upload visual assets: upload a product image (up to 2MB, JPG/PNG) to visually identify the item within the system.
●	Change item nature: click the Thay đổi tính chất link at the top to switch the item classification (e.g., from Goods to Service) if initially selected incorrectly.
●	Execute save actions: choose to Cancel (Hủy), Save and close (Cất), or Save and immediately open a blank form to add another item (Cất và Thêm).
Field Name
Description
Tên (*) 	Required text input field to enter the full name of the material, good, or service. 
Mã (*) 	Required text input field for the unique item identifier (e.g., VT00003). Often auto-generated by the system based on a sequence but can be manually modified. 
Nhóm VTHH 	Dropdown and search field to assign the item to a specific category/group. Includes a + button to quickly create a new group without leaving the form. 
Đơn vị tính chính 	Dropdown list to select the primary unit of measurement (e.g., piece, box, kg). Includes a + button to quickly add a new unit. 
Giảm thuế theo quy định 	Dropdown list to apply specific tax reduction policies to the item. Includes a Tra cứu giảm thuế link to quickly look up applicable tax regulations. 
Tải ảnh lên 	Image upload area supporting click or drag-and-drop. Allows a maximum file size of 2MB (JPG, PNG). Includes edit (pencil) and delete (trash bin) actions below it once an image is uploaded. 
Thời hạn bảo hành 	Consists of a numeric input field and a unit dropdown (e.g., Tháng - Month) to define the duration the item is covered under warranty. 
Số lượng tồn tối thiểu 	Numeric input field used to set the reorder point or low-stock warning threshold for inventory management purposes. 
Nguồn gốc 	Text input field to specify the manufacturing origin, brand, or source of the product. 
Mô tả 	Multi-line text area to provide comprehensive details, features, or specifications about the item. 
Diễn giải khi mua 	Text input field for specific notes or default descriptions that will automatically populate on purchasing documents. 
Diễn giải khi bán 	Text input field for specific notes or default descriptions that will automatically populate on sales documents. 
Hủy 	Button used to discard any inputted data, cancel the creation/edit process, and close the panel. 
Cất 	Button used to save the item data into the system and close the form panel. 
Cất và Thêm 	Button used to save the current item and immediately refresh the panel to a blank state to create another new record, facilitating rapid data entry. 

3.6.4 Print Barcode
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	Select code format: choose whether to generate standard Barcodes (Mã vạch) or QR codes (Mã QR) for the items.
●	Configure paper layout: select the physical paper size and layout format (e.g., 2 stamps, A4 sheet, custom columns) to ensure labels print correctly on the chosen media.
●	Customize label content: toggle specific item information to be printed on the label, such as item code, name, selling price, and company name.
●	Preview label design: view a live visual representation of how the printed label will look based on the selected configuration and templates.
●	Select items for printing: filter and select specific goods from the inventory list that require physical labels.
●	Define print quantities: manually input the exact number of labels needed for each selected item.
●	Execute print job: integrate with an external accounting print driver if needed, and trigger the final printing process.
Field Name
Description
LOẠI TEM IN 	Radio button group allowing the user to select the code type to generate: Mã vạch (1D Barcode) or Mã QR (2D QR Code). 
CHỌN KHỔ GIẤY 	Radio button group providing preset paper dimensions and layout grids (e.g., 2 stamps per row, A4 with 65 stamps). Includes a Tùy chọn (Custom) field to manually define the number of stamps per row. 
THÔNG TIN HIỂN THỊ 	Checkboxes to toggle which details appear on the printed label: Mã hàng (Item Code), Tên hàng (Item Name), Tên công ty (Company Name), and Giá bán (Selling Price). 
MẪU IN & XEM TRƯỚC 	Radio buttons to select predefined label design templates (Mẫu 1, 2, 3) and a Preview box displaying a real-time mock-up of the final label. 
Lọc 	Button used to open advanced filtering options to quickly find specific items to print. 
Ô chọn dòng (Checkbox) 	Allows the user to select which specific items in the grid they want to print labels for. 
Mã hàng 	Displays the unique alphanumeric identifier for the item. 
Tên hàng 	Displays the full name of the product or good. 
Nhóm VTHH 	Displays the category or group the item belongs to (e.g., HH - Hàng hóa). 
Đơn giá bán 	Shows the current selling price of the item, which can be printed on the label if configured. 
Số lượng tồn 	Shows the current physical quantity in stock. 
Số lượng cần in 	Numeric input field where the user specifies exactly how many copies of the label to print for that specific item line. 
Trạng thái 	Visual badge indicating the current inventory status of the item (e.g., Hết hàng - Out of stock, Chờ nhập - Pending inbound, Sẵn sàng - Ready). 
In bằng trình in AMIS Kế toán 	Toggle switch to route the print job through the AMIS Accounting system's print engine instead of the standard browser or local system print dialog. 
Hủy 	Button used to cancel the print configuration process and close the screen. 
In 	Button used to finalize the setup and send the selected labels and quantities to the printer. 

3.7 Brand Management
3.7.1 View Brand List
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	View & Navigate Records: View a comprehensive, paginated list of all electronics manufacturers (brands) registered in the system database.
●	Search Brands: Quickly locate specific manufacturers by typing keywords (brand name or code) into the dedicated search bar.
●	Export Data: Click the export action button to download the current data grid into a spreadsheet format for offline reporting or analysis.
●	Create New Brands: Click the add action button to initialize the workflow for registering a new manufacturer into the system.
●	Modify Existing Records: Utilize inline action icons within the data grid to edit brand details or securely remove obsolete brands.
●	Track Workspace Context: Use the breadcrumb trail tracking navigation links to understand the current hierarchical position within the system workspace.
Field Name
Description
Top Navigation Bar 	Global dashboard header displaying the primary system brand title (Duy Long Computer), notification alerts, settings utilities, and the active profile box. 
Breadcrumb Menu 	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ > Quản lý thương hiệu
Form Title 	Display text header at the top left of the workspace: "Nhà sản xuất". 
Search Input Bar 	Data Type: String. Placeholder text: "Nhập tìm kiếm tên nhà sản xuất...". Description: Filters the data grid based on matching queries. Features an inline magnifying glass search icon.
Xuất Excel (Button) 	Data Type: Export Action Button. Description: Generates and downloads a .xlsx file containing the currently displayed or filtered dataset. Features a green Excel logo icon. 
Thêm mới (Button) 	Data Type: Action Trigger Button. Description: Opens the "Create New Manufacturer" form (modal or new page). Features a white '+' icon on a primary blue background. 
Data Grid Component 	Dynamic tabular view displaying manufacturer records. Columns are clearly defined for structured data consumption. 
Mã NSX 	Used heavily as a foreign key in Inventory and Warranty modules. 
Tên nhà sản xuất	The official registered name of the brand (e.g., Dell, HP, Asus). 
Mô tả 	Optional context, details, or notes regarding the manufacturer. 
Người tạo 	Reference to the user profile that initially created the database record 
Ngày tạo 	Timestamp indicating the exact date the record was inserted into the database.
Chức năng	Contains two actionable elements per row. 1. Pencil Icon: Triggers the Edit record state. 2. Trash Can Icon: Triggers a deletion confirmation warning 
Pagination Footer 	Tracking text: "Hiển thị [X] - [Y] trên tổng [Z]". Includes a dropdown to adjust records per page (default: 10/page) and standard pagination navigation controls (Previous, 1, 2, 3..., Next). 
3.7.2 View Brand Details
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Input Manufacturer Details: Enter critical information to register a new brand into the system, including its unique code, official name, and descriptive notes.
●	Apply Data Updates: Click the save action button to validate the inputs and commit the new manufacturer record to the system database.
●	Cancel Operation: Click the cancel button to discard all entered data, clear the form, and return safely to the primary Manufacturer Management data grid without making any changes.
Field Name
Description
Form Title / Modal Header 	Display text: "Thêm mới nhà sản xuất" (Add New Manufacturer) or "Cập nhật thông tin" (Update Manufacturer) depending on the active user trigger. 
Mã NSX 	Unique identifier for the brand. Can be configured to auto-generate incrementally (e.g., NSX0003) or allow manual input. 
Business Rule: Must be validated for absolute uniqueness against existing database records to prevent duplication.
Tên nhà sản xuất	The official registered name of the manufacturer (e.g., Asus, Logitech). 
Exception Case: If left blank upon submission, trigger validation message: "Tên nhà sản xuất không được để trống".
Mô tả	Additional context, notes, internal guidelines, or contact details related to this specific manufacturer.
Lưu (Button)	If validation passes, it inserts (or updates) the record in the database, closes the form, and refreshes the parent data grid. Usually accompanied by a primary color styling
Hủy bỏ (Button)	Discards all user inputs, bypasses all validation rules, closes the form/modal, and returns the user to the previous workspace view. 
3.7.3 Create Brand
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Input Brand Details: Enter the required information to register a new brand into the system, such as Brand Code, Brand Name, and Description.
●	Apply Brand Updates: Click the save/create action button to validate the inputs and commit the new brand record to the system database.
●	Cancel Operation: Click the cancel button to discard all inputs, clear the form, and return safely to the Brand Management list page.
●	Track Workspace Context: Use the breadcrumb trail tracking navigation links to understand the current hierarchical position.

Field Name
Description
Breadcrumb Menu 	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ > Quản lý thương hiệu > Thêm mới. 
Form Title 	Display text header: "Thêm thương hiệu mới"
Mã NSX 	Unique identifier for the brand. 
Business Rule: Must be validated for absolute uniqueness against existing database records to prevent duplicates. 
Tên thương hiệu	The official registered name of the manufacturer (e.g., Asus, Dell). 
Exception Case: If left blank upon submission, trigger validation message: "Tên thương hiệu không được để trống". 
Mô tả 	Additional context, notes, or details related to this specific manufacturer. 
Trạng thái 	Determines if the brand is active and available to be selected in other modules 
Hotline	Phone number to call for brand
Email liên hệ	Email to send for brand
Lưu (Button) 	If validation passes, it inserts the new record in the database, shows a success toast message ("Thêm mới thành công"), and redirects back to the Brand Management list. 
Hủy bỏ (Button) 	Discards all user inputs, bypasses all validation rules, and returns the user to the previous workspace view. 
3.7.4 Update Brand
 This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	View Pre-loaded Data: The system automatically retrieves and populates the form with the current details of the selected manufacturer from the database.
●	Modify Brand Information: Update permissible fields such as the brand name or the detailed description.
●	Apply Updates: Click the save action button to trigger input validation and overwrite the existing record in the system database with the new values.
●	Cancel Operation: Click the cancel button to discard all modifications, preserve the original record state, and return safely to the manufacturer data grid.
Field Name
Description
Breadcrumb Menu 	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ > Quản lý thương hiệu > Chỉnh sửa
Form Title 	Display text header: "Chỉnh sửa thương hiệu”
Mã NSX 	Unique identifier for the brand. 
Business Rule: Modification is strictly prohibited to maintain data integrity and prevent breaking Foreign Key relationships with the Inventory and Warranty modules. 
Tên thương hiệu	The official registered name of the manufacturer (e.g., Asus, Dell). 
Exception Case: If left blank upon submission, trigger validation message: "Tên thương hiệu không được để trống". 
Mô tả 	Additional context, notes, or details related to this specific manufacturer. 
Lưu (Button) 	Upon successful validation, updates the database record, displays a success toast message ("Cập nhật thông tin thương hiệu thành công"), and automatically redirects the user back to the Brand Management list. 
Hủy bỏ (Button) 	Discards all unsubmitted text modifications, closes the update interface without altering the database, and redirects user focus back to the parent data grid layout. 
3.7.5 Delete Brand 
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Review Deletion Target: Clearly identify which manufacturer record is staged for deletion via the dynamic confirmation message.
●	Confirm Destructive Action: Click the confirm action button to execute the removal of the selected brand from the database.
●	Cancel Operation: Click the cancel button to safely dismiss the warning prompt and return to the data grid without altering any system data.
Field Name
Description
Modal Title 	Display text header: "Xác nhận xóa Thương hiệu"
Warning Icon 	A prominent caution icon (typically an exclamation mark inside a triangle) to visually alert the user that they are about to perform a potentially destructive and irreversible action.
Confirmation Prompt	The system dynamically inserts the selected brand's name into the string to ensure the user knows exactly which record is being targeted.
Xác nhận (Button)	Triggers the backend API to delete the record.
Business Rule (Referential Integrity Check): Before actual deletion, the system MUST verify if this Mã NSX (Brand Code) is currently linked to any active Products, Inventory Logs, or Warranty Tickets.
* Happy Path: If no links exist, the record is deleted (or soft-deleted via a status change), the modal closes, the grid refreshes, and a success toast appears ("Xóa nhà sản xuất thành công").
* Exception Case: If the brand is currently in use, the deletion must be blocked, and an error message must be displayed: "Không thể xóa nhà sản xuất này vì đang có dữ liệu sản phẩm/bảo hành liên quan." (Cannot delete this manufacturer as it is linked to existing product/warranty data).
Hủy bỏ (Button)	Safely aborts the deletion process, closes the modal dialog immediately, and returns the user's focus to the underlying Brand Management data grid.

3.8 Category Management
3.8.1 View Category List
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	View & Navigate Records: Access a paginated, comprehensive list of all product categories (e.g., CPU, RAM, VGA) registered in the system database.
●	Search Categories: Quickly locate specific product categories by typing keywords into the dedicated search bar.
●	Export Data: Click the export action button to download the current data grid into a spreadsheet format for reporting or auditing.
●	Create New Categories: Click the add action button to trigger the workflow for registering a new product category into the system.
●	Manage Existing Records: Utilize inline action icons within the data grid to edit category details or initiate a deletion process.
●	Track Workspace Context: Use the breadcrumb trail navigation to identify the current hierarchical position within the system workspace.
Field Name
Description
Breadcrumb Menu 	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ / Quản lý danh mục sản phẩm / Loại sản phẩm
Form Title 	Display text header at the top left of the workspace: "Loại sản phẩm"
Search Input Bar 	Text-based filter that searches against the Category Name. Features an inline magnifying glass search icon.
Xuất Excel (Button) 	Generates and downloads a .xlsx file containing the currently displayed or filtered category dataset. Features a green Excel logo icon.
Thêm mới (Button)	Opens the "Create New Category" form or modal. Features a white '+' icon on a primary blue background.
Data Grid Component	Dynamic tabular view displaying product category records.
Mã loại SP	Unique system identifier code for the product category (e.g., LSP0001, LSP0002). Business Rule: Acts as a crucial foreign key when classifying products in the Inventory module.
Tên loại SP	The official registered name of the category (e.g., CPU, RAM, VGA, Bộ tản nhiệt).
Mô tả	Reference to the user account that initially created the category record
Ngày tạo	Timestamp indicating the exact date the record was inserted into the database
Chức năng	Contains two actionable elements per row.
1. Pencil Icon (Blue): Triggers the Edit record state to update category details.
2. Trash Can Icon (Red): Triggers a deletion confirmation modal.
Pagination Footer 	Tracking text: "Hiển thị [X] - [Y] trên tổng [Z]". Includes a dropdown to adjust records per page and standard pagination navigation controls

3.8.2 Create Category
 
This screen allows the Manager, or Staff to:
●	Input Category Details: Enter the required information to register a new product category into the system, including the Category Code, Category Name, and Description.
●	Apply Data Updates: Click the save action button to trigger input validation and commit the new category record to the system database.
●	Cancel Operation: Click the cancel button to discard all inputs, close the form, and return safely to the Product Category list without altering any data.
Field Name
Description
Form Title / Modal Header	Display text: "Thêm mới loại sản phẩm" (Create New Category).
Mã loại SP	Unique identifier for the product category in the system.
Tên loại danh mục	The official registered name of the product category (e.g., CPU, RAM, VGA, Hard Drive). 
Mô tả 	Allows the user to input additional notes, general characteristics, or supplementary information related to this specific category.
Lưu (Button)	If all fields are valid, the system inserts the new record into the database, displays a success toast message ("Thêm mới loại sản phẩm thành công"), and automatically closes the form/redirects the user back to the Product Category list.
Hủy bỏ (Button)	Discards all entered text on the form, closes the creation interface without saving any information to the database, and safely returns the user to the initial list screen.

3.8.3 View Category Details 
 
This screen allows Manager, Staff to:
●	View Category Information: Access and view the detailed identification information of the product category (Category Code, Category Name, Description) in a read-only state.
●	Trace Creation History: View information regarding the creator and the exact date/time the record was registered in the system.
●	Navigate & Process: Return to the list screen or quickly switch to the edit (Update) mode if the user has sufficient permissions.
Field Name
Description
Breadcrumb Menu	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ > Quản lý thông tin > Loại sản phẩm > Chi tiết loại sản phẩm
Form Title	Main header text: "Chi tiết loại sản phẩm" (Category Details). Typically accompanied by the dynamically displayed Category Code at the top
Mã loại SP	Data Type: String. State: Read-only. Displays the official name of the product category (e.g., CPU, RAM, VGA).
Mô tả	Data Type: String (Long Text). State: Read-only. UI Format: A multi-line textarea with a disabled grey background or displayed as pure static text. Shows additional characteristics or notes for this category.
Người tạo	Data Type: String. State: Read-only. Displays the account name of the staff member who initially created this category record in the system.
Ngày tạo	Data Type: Date/Time (DD/MM/YYYY). State: Read-only. Displays the exact timestamp when the record was saved to the database.
Quay lại	Data Type: Secondary Navigation Button. Description: Closes the detail view and returns the user to the View Category List screen.
Chỉnh sửa	Data Type: Primary Action Button. Description: Directly navigates the user from the detail view to the Update Category screen for this specific record to perform modifications.
3.8.4 Update Category 
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	View Pre-loaded Data: Automatically retrieve and display the existing details of the selected product category from the system database.
●	Modify Category Information: Update permissible fields such as the category name or its detailed description.
●	Apply Updates: Click the save action button to trigger input validation and overwrite the existing category record with the new values.
●	Cancel Operation: Safely discard any unsaved modifications, close the update interface, and return to the Product Category list without altering the database.
Field Name
Description
Form Title / Modal Header	Display text: "Cập nhật loại sản phẩm"
Mã loại SP	Data Type: String (Alphanumeric). State: Read-only / Disabled (greyed-out input field). Initial Data: Auto-populated with the category's existing unique code (e.g., LSP0001).
Tên loại SP	Data Type: String. State: Mandatory. Initial Data: Pre-filled with the current category name (e.g., Màn hình máy tính). Description: Allows the user to modify the official registered name of the category.
Exception Case: If the user clears the field and attempts to submit, the system must block the action and trigger the validation message: "Tên loại sản phẩm không được để trống" (Category name cannot be blank). 
Mô tả	Data Type: String (Long Text). State: Optional. Format: Multi-line text area (Textarea). Initial Data: Pre-filled with existing notes (if any). Description: Allows updating, correcting, or appending additional context and general characteristics regarding the product category.
Hủy bỏ	Data Type: Cancel Action Button. Description: Discards all unsubmitted text modifications, closes the update modal/form without altering the database, and redirects user focus back to the parent data grid.
Lưu	Data Type: Primary Action Button. Description: Transmits modified data for backend verification. Upon successful validation, it updates the database record, displays a success toast message ("Cập nhật loại sản phẩm thành công"), closes the modal, and automatically refreshes the Category Management list.
3.8.5 Delete Category 
 
This modal dialog allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Review Deletion Target: Clearly identify which product category record is staged for deletion via the dynamic confirmation message.
●	Confirm Destructive Action: Click the confirm action button to execute the removal of the selected category from the system database.
●	Cancel Operation: Click the cancel button to safely dismiss the warning prompt and return to the data grid without altering any system data.
Field Name
Description
Modal Title 	Display text header: "Xóa loại sản phẩm"
Warning Icon	Data Type: Visual Graphic. Description: A prominent caution icon (typically an exclamation mark inside a triangle) to visually alert the user that they are about to perform a potentially destructive and irreversible database action.
Confirmation Prompt	The system dynamically inserts the selected category's name into the string to ensure the user knows exactly which record is being targeted.
Xác nhận	Data Type: Destructive Action Button. Description: Triggers the backend API to delete the record.



Critical Business Rule (Referential Integrity Check): Before actual deletion, the system MUST verify if this Mã loại SP (Category Code) is currently linked to any active Products in the inventory.
* Happy Path: If no links exist, the record is deleted (or soft-deleted), the modal closes, the grid refreshes, and a success toast appears ("Xóa loại sản phẩm thành công").
* Exception Case: If the category is currently in use by one or more products, the deletion must be blocked, and an error message must be displayed: "Không thể xóa loại sản phẩm này vì đang có hàng hóa liên kết." (Cannot delete this category as it is linked to existing products).
Hủy bỏ	Data Type: Cancel Action Button. Description: Safely aborts the deletion process, closes the modal dialog immediately, and returns the user's focus to the underlying Product Category data grid.

3.9 Unit Management
3.9.1 View Unit List
 

This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	View unit list: view the complete list of measurement units used throughout the warehouse management system.
●	Search units: use the search box to quickly find a unit by its name.
●	Create new unit: create a new measurement unit by clicking the Thêm button.
●	Update unit information: modify the name or description of an existing unit by clicking the Sửa button.
●	Change unit status: activate or deactivate a unit when it is no longer used.
●	Refresh data: reload the latest unit information from the system.
●	Export data: export the current unit list to an Excel file.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View unit information including unit name, description, and current status.
●	Identify active and inactive units through the status column.
●	Access additional actions through the action menu in the Chức năng column.
●	Navigate through pages using the pagination controls at the bottom of the screen.
Field Name	Description
Search Unit	Text box used to search measurement units by unit name.
Refresh	Button used to reload the latest unit data from the system.
Export Excel	Button used to export the current unit list to an Excel file.
Thêm	Button used to create a new measurement unit.
Đơn vị tính	Displays the name of the measurement unit (e.g., Cái, Bộ, Hộp, Thùng).
Mô tả	Displays additional information or notes about the unit.
Trạng thái	Displays the current status of the unit (Đang sử dụng / Ngừng sử dụng).
Sửa	Button used to edit the selected unit information.
Action Menu	Dropdown menu containing additional actions such as Activate or Deactivate.
Pagination	Allows the user to move between pages and control the number of displayed records.
Total Records	Displays the total number of unit records currently available in the system.
 

3.9.2 Create Unit
 
This screen allows the Manager/Staff to create a new measurement unit used throughout the warehouse management system.
The user can:
●	Enter a unit name.
●	Enter a description for the unit.
●	Save the new unit into the system.
●	Save the current unit and continue creating another unit.
●	Cancel the creation process and return to the previous screen.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View validation messages for required fields.
●	Close the popup by clicking the Close (X) icon.
●	Receive a success notification after saving the unit successfully.
Field Name	Description
Đơn vị tính	Required text field used to enter the unit name (e.g., Cái, Bộ, Hộp, Thùng).
Mô tả	Optional text area used to enter additional information about the measurement unit.
Hủy	Button used to cancel the creation process and close the popup without saving data.
Cất	Button used to save the unit and close the popup.
Cất và Thêm	Button used to save the current unit and reset the form for creating another unit.
Close (X)	Icon used to close the popup window.
Help (?)	Icon used to display guidance or help information related to unit creation.


3.9.3 Update Unit
 
This screen allows the Manager/Staff to update an existing measurement unit used throughout the warehouse management system.
The user can:
●	View the current information of the selected measurement unit.
●	Modify the unit name.
●	Modify the description.
●	Save the updated information.
●	Cancel the update process and return to the previous screen.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View validation messages for invalid or missing information.
●	Close the popup by clicking the Close (X) icon.
●	Receive a success notification after updating the unit successfully.

Field Name	Description
Đơn vị tính	Required text field displaying the current unit name. The user can modify the value if necessary.
Mô tả	Optional text area displaying the current description. The user can update or remove the content.
Hủy	Button used to cancel the update process and close the popup without saving any changes.
Cất	Button used to save the updated information and close the popup.
Close (X)	Icon used to close the popup window.
Help (?)	Icon used to display guidance or help information related to updating measurement units.
 
3.9.4 Delete Unit
 

3.10 Inventory Import Management
3.10.1 View Import History
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	View import receipt list: view the comprehensive list of warehouse import vouchers, tracking incoming goods from suppliers.
●	Filter the list: filter the records by a specific date range (Từ ngày, Đến ngày) and the current processing status (Tình trạng).
●	Search vouchers: use the top search bar to quickly find specific receipts by keyword or voucher code.
●	Create new inbound voucher: initiate the creation of a new import receipt by clicking the + Thêm mới button (or the + Tạo đơn mới button in the sidebar).
●	Reset filters: quickly clear all current filter criteria to view the entire list by clicking Làm mới.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View voucher details: click the eye icon in the Thao tác column or click the hyperlinked voucher number to review the specific details of an inbound transaction.
●	Review processing status: easily identify the state of each receipt using visual status badges such as Hoàn thành (Completed), Chờ duyệt (Pending Approval), and Đã hủy (Cancelled).
●	Navigate through pages: move between result pages using the pagination control at the bottom right.
Field Name
Description
Từ ngày	Initial value is the start date of the filtering period. The user selects a date to filter inbound receipts recorded from this point onward. 
Đến ngày	Initial value is the end date of the filtering period. The user selects a date to filter inbound receipts recorded up to this point. 
Tình trạng (Filter) 	Dropdown list allowing the user to filter the grid by specific statuses (e.g., Tất cả - All, Completed, Pending, Cancelled). 
Làm mới 	Button used to reset all filter fields back to their default, empty states. 
Lọc dữ liệu 	Button used to apply the selected date and status filters and update the data grid accordingly. 
+ Thêm mới / + Tạo đơn mới 	Button used to navigate to the form to create a brand new inbound warehouse receipt. 
Ngày ghi nhận 	Displays the recorded or posting date of the inbound transaction. 
Số phiếu 	Displays the unique voucher code of the receipt (e.g., PNK-2405-001). Clicking the blue hyperlink opens the full voucher details. 
Đối tác 	Displays the name of the supplier, vendor, or partner providing the incoming goods. 
Kho hàng 	Indicates the specific destination warehouse or storage location receiving the inventory. 
Tổng tiền 	Displays the total monetary value of the goods listed on the inbound receipt. 
Tình trạng (Column) 	Displays the current approval or processing status of the receipt using a color-coded label. 
Thao tác 	Contains the action icon (an eye) to view the full details of the specific inbound voucher. 
3.10.2 Create Import Slip 
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	Input general supplier information: select or enter the supplier's code, name, and address, assign the responsible staff member, and provide a reason for the transaction.
●	Set voucher details: specify the recording date, view the auto-generated voucher number, link related documents (e.g., Purchase/Sales Orders), and attach supporting files.
●	Manage item list: populate the receipt by adding items manually line-by-line (Thêm dòng mới), quick-adding from the catalog (Thêm nhanh từ danh mục), or bulk importing via a spreadsheet (Nhập từ Excel).
●	Manage Serial Numbers: specifically track and input individual serial numbers for items that require strict tracking using the Quản lý Serial feature.
●	Review financial totals: automatically calculate and review the total quantity and the total financial value of the inbound shipment.
●	Execute bottom-bar actions: choose to cancel (Hủy bỏ), view the edit history (Xem nhật ký thay đổi), save as draft (Lưu tạm), save/commit the voucher (Lưu lại), or save and print (Lưu và In).
Field Name
Description
Mã nhà cung cấp 	Input field to enter or search for the supplier's code. Includes a + button to quickly create a new supplier record without leaving the page. 
Tên nhà cung cấp 	Text field displaying the full name of the selected supplier. 
Địa chỉ 	Text field displaying the supplier's address. 
Nhân viên bán hàng 	Dropdown/search field to select the staff member assigned to this transaction. Includes a + button to add a new staff member. (Note: The UI label says "bán hàng" (sales), but in this context, it represents the responsible staff). 
Lý do xuất 	Text area to input the specific reason, contract reference, or description for the transaction. (Note: The UI label says "xuất" (export), but it functions as the general description field for this receipt). 
Ngày ghi nhận 	Date picker to set the posting or recording date of the inbound voucher. 
Số phiếu 	Displays the system-generated voucher code for this receipt (e.g., PNK-20231027-004). 
Liên kết liên quan 	Hyperlink area to view or attach references to predecessor documents, such as an Order (Đơn hàng: SO-2023-1022). 
Đính kèm chứng từ... 	Area to upload and manage attached files, such as scanned invoices or delivery notes. 
Nhập từ Excel 	Button used to bulk import item lines into the table using a pre-formatted Excel template. 
Mã hàng / Tên hàng 	Displays the unique code and full name of the item being received. 
Kho 	Dropdown list to select the specific destination warehouse for each item line. Includes a + button to quickly add a new warehouse location. 
Serial Number 	Displays the serial number input status (e.g., 5/5 SNs inputted or Thiếu 7 Serial missing). Includes a Quản lý Serial link to open a modal for entering or scanning individual item serials. 
ĐVT 	Displays the unit of measurement for the item (e.g., Cái, Bộ). 
Bảo hành 	Displays the warranty duration applicable to the item (e.g., 36 tháng). 
Số lượng 	Numeric input field to specify the exact quantity of items being received into the warehouse. 
Đơn giá nhập 	Numeric input field to enter the unit cost or purchase price of the incoming item. 
Thành tiền 	Automatically calculated field displaying the total monetary amount for that specific item line (Quantity x Unit Price). 
Icon Xóa (Red Trash Can) 	Action button located at the end of each row to remove that specific item from the voucher. 
+ Thêm dòng mới 	Button used to add a single blank row to the bottom of the table for manual entry. 
Thêm nhanh từ danh mục 	Button used to open a pop-up catalog, allowing the user to select multiple items quickly. 
Tổng cộng hàng nhập 	Footer section of the table aggregating the total quantity (15) and total financial value (124.500.000) of all items listed. 
Hủy bỏ 	Button used to discard all unsaved changes and close the inbound receipt screen. 
Xem nhật ký thay đổi 	Link used to open the audit trail, showing the history of modifications made to this specific voucher. 
Lưu tạm 	Button used to save the current progress as a draft, allowing the user to return and complete it later without affecting actual inventory. 
Lưu lại	Button used to save and commit the inbound voucher to the system, officially updating the inventory. 
Lưu và In 	Button used to save the voucher and immediately trigger the print dialog for physical documentation. 
3.10.3 View Import Slip Details
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	View inbound receipt list: view the comprehensive list of warehouse import vouchers in the upper grid, tracking incoming goods.
●	Filter the list: filter the records by a specific date range (Từ ngày, Đến ngày) and the current processing status (Tình trạng).
●	Search vouchers: use the top search bar to quickly find specific receipts by keyword or voucher code.
●	Create new inbound voucher: initiate the creation of a new import receipt by clicking the + Thêm mới button.
●	Apply or reset filters: execute the filter query clicking Lọc dữ liệu or quickly clear all current filter criteria by clicking Làm mới.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View voucher details inline: click the eye icon in the Thao tác column to quickly load and preview the specific details of that inbound transaction in the bottom split-pane without navigating away from the list.
●	Review processing status: easily identify the state of each receipt using visual status badges (e.g., Hoàn thành, Chờ duyệt, Đã hủy).
●	Navigate through pages: move between result pages using the pagination control below the main grid.
Field Name
Description
Từ ngày 	Initial value is the start date of the filtering period. The user selects a date to filter inbound receipts recorded from this point onward. 
Đến ngày 	Initial value is the end date of the filtering period. The user selects a date to filter inbound receipts recorded up to this point. 
Tình trạng (Filter) 	Dropdown list allowing the user to filter the grid by specific statuses (e.g., Tất cả - All, Completed, Pending, Cancelled). 
Làm mới 	Button used to reset all filter fields back to their default, empty states. 
Lọc dữ liệu 	Button used to apply the selected date and status filters and update the data grid accordingly. 
Thêm mới Tạo đơn mới 	Button used to navigate to the form to create a brand new inbound warehouse receipt. 
Ngày ghi nhận 	Displays the recorded or posting date of the inbound transaction. 
Mã số đơn 	Displays the unique voucher code of the receipt (e.g., PNK-2405-001). Clicking the blue hyperlink may open the full standalone voucher. 
Nơi giao hàng 	Displays the name of the supplier, vendor, or partner providing the incoming goods. 
Kho hàng 	Indicates the specific destination warehouse or storage location receiving the inventory. 
Tổng tiền 	Displays the total monetary value of the goods listed on the inbound receipt. 
Thao tác 	Contains the action icon (an eye) to load the full details of the specific inbound voucher into the bottom pane. 
Tình trạng	Displays the current approval or processing status of the receipt using a color-coded label. 
Tiêu đề & Trạng thái 	Displays the specific voucher code being viewed (e.g., Chi tiết Đơn nhập hàng: PNK-2405-001) alongside its current status badge (Hoàn thành). 
Nhà cung cấp 	Displays the full name of the company or entity supplying the items. 
Địa chỉ 	Displays the physical location or registered address of the supplier. 
Ngày nhận hàng 	Displays the exact date the goods were physically received or recorded into the system. 
Kho nhập 	Indicates the specific warehouse and its code where the items were stored (e.g., Kho Linh Kiện (K01)). 
Người nhận 	Displays the name of the staff member responsible for receiving the shipment. 
Bảng chi tiết sản phẩm 	A detailed data grid of the received items, including columns for Sequence Number (STT), Product Code (Mã sản phẩm), Product Name (Tên sản phẩm), Unit (ĐVT), Quantity (Số lượng), Import Price (Giá nhập), and Total Amount (Thành tiền). 
Tổng cộng hàng nhập (Footer) 	Displays the aggregate sum of the physical Số lượng (Quantity) and the financial Tổng tiền (Total Amount) for all items in this specific receipt. 
3.10.4 Update Import Slip
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	Edit general information: update existing supplier details, reassign the responsible staff member, or modify the reason for the transaction.
●	Update voucher details: change the recording date, manage related document links (e.g., modifying the linked Purchase Order), or add/remove attached files.
●	Modify item list: add new item lines to the receipt (Thêm dòng mới / Thêm nhanh từ danh mục), bulk add via spreadsheet (Nhập từ Excel), edit specific details of existing rows (such as destination warehouse, quantity, or import price), or remove items using the delete action (red trash icon).
●	Manage Serial Numbers: update, add, or correct individual serial numbers for tracked items using the Quản lý Serial feature to resolve discrepancies (e.g., fixing a "Thiếu 7 Serial" warning).
●	Review recalculated totals: automatically calculate and review the updated total quantity and financial value after any modifications to the item list.
●	Execute bottom-bar actions: choose to discard unsaved changes (Hủy bỏ), view the edit history to see previous versions (Xem nhật ký thay đổi), save modifications as a draft (Lưu tạm), commit the final changes (Lưu lại), or save and print (Lưu và In).
Field Name
Description
Mã nhà cung cấp 	Displays the current supplier's code. Allows the user to clear and select a different supplier if initially entered incorrectly. 
Tên nhà cung cấp / Địa chỉ 	Displays the current supplier's full name and address. Auto-updates if a new supplier code is selected. 
Nhân viên bán hàng 	Dropdown/search field displaying the currently assigned staff member. Allows reassignment to another user. 
Lý do xuất 	Text area displaying the current explanation. The user can modify this text to provide better context or correct typos. 
Ngày ghi nhận 	Date picker displaying the recorded date. The user can adjust this date if the actual posting date needs correction. 
Số phiếu 	Displays the voucher code (e.g., PNK-20231027-004). This is typically a read-only field in edit mode to maintain system tracking integrity. 
Liên kết liên quan 	Hyperlink area to view, add, or remove references to predecessor documents. 
Đính kèm chứng từ... 	Area to upload new files or remove previously attached documents. 
Nhập từ Excel 	Button used to bulk import additional item lines into the table using an Excel template. 
Mã hàng / Tên hàng 	Displays the unique code and full name of the existing items on the receipt. 
Kho 	Dropdown list allowing the user to change the specific destination warehouse for an existing item line. 
Serial Number 	Displays the current serial number input status. Includes a Quản lý Serial link to open a modal for editing, adding, or removing serials to match the physical quantity. 
ĐVT / Bảo hành 	Displays the unit of measurement and warranty duration (typically read-only attributes of the item profile). 
Số lượng 	Editable numeric input field to correct the quantity of items actually received. 
Đơn giá nhập 	Editable numeric input field to correct the unit cost or purchase price. 
Thành tiền 	Automatically recalculated field displaying the total monetary amount for the line based on updated Quantity x Unit Price. 
Icon Xóa (Red Trash Can) 	Action button located at the end of each row to remove that specific item from the receipt. 
Thêm dòng mới / Thêm nhanh... 	Buttons used to add new items to the receipt manually or via a quick-select catalog. 
Tổng cộng hàng nhập 	Footer section dynamically recalculating and displaying the aggregate total quantity and financial value of all items currently in the table. 
Hủy bỏ 	Button used to discard all modifications made during this session and close the edit screen, keeping the original data intact. 
Xem nhật ký thay đổi 	Link used to open the audit trail, displaying who made changes to this voucher in the past and what was altered. 
Lưu tạm 	Button used to save the current modifications as a draft without fully committing them to the permanent inventory ledger. 
Lưu lại 	Button used to save and permanently commit the changes to the system, updating inventory levels accordingly. 
Lưu và In 	Button used to save the modifications and immediately trigger the print preview or printing process. 

3.11 Inventory Export Management
3.11.1 View Export History List
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	View outbound voucher list: view the current list of warehouse export vouchers.
●	Filter outbound voucher list: filter vouchers by date range and voucher status.
●	Search vouchers: enter keywords to search for vouchers by code or description.
●	Open advanced filters: refine the list with additional filtering options.
●	Create new outbound voucher: add a new export voucher by clicking Thêm mới.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View voucher details: open a specific voucher from the Thao tác column.
●	Select multiple records: tick checkboxes to choose one or more vouchers in the list.
●	Review voucher status: quickly identify voucher states such as Hoàn thành, Đang xuất, Chờ duyệt, and Đã hủy.
●	Navigate through pages: move between result pages using the pagination control at the bottom.

Field Name
Description
Từ ngày	Initial value is the start date of the warehouse export voucher filtering period, in date format. The user selects a date to filter vouchers with posting dates from this point onward.
Đến ngày	Initial value is the end date of the warehouse export voucher filtering period, in date format. The user selects a date to filter vouchers with posting dates up to this point.
Trạng thái phiếu	Initial value: All. Allows the user to select voucher statuses such as Completed, In Progress, Pending Approval, and Cancelled.
Lọc thêm	Button used to expand additional filter criteria for the warehouse export voucher list.
Thêm mới	Button used to create a new warehouse export voucher.
Ngày hạch toán	Displays the posting date of each export voucher.
Số chứng từ	Displays the voucher code of the warehouse export voucher, for example: XK-2024-0012.
Diễn giải	Displays a short description of the export transaction.
Người nhận	Displays the name of the person receiving the goods or documents.
Trạng thái	Displays the current status of the export voucher using a status label.
Thao tác	Contains the action to view the details of the export voucher.
Ô chọn dòng	Allows the user to select one or more vouchers in the list for batch actions, if supported by the system.

3.11.2 Create Export Slip 
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	Input general information: enter or select customer details (code, name, address), assigned salesperson, export purpose, and specific reasons for the export.
●	Set voucher details: specify the recording date, voucher number, and attach any related document links (e.g., contracts).
●	Manage item list: add new item lines (+Thêm dòng) to the voucher, inputting specific item details, quantities, and prices to calculate the total amount.
●	Attach files: upload documents related to the export voucher using the @Đính kèm feature.
●	Execute save actions: choose to Cancel (Hủy), Save draft (Lưu tạm), Save (Lưu lại), or Save and Print (Lưu và In).

Field Name
Description
Mã khách hàng 	Input field to enter or search for the customer's unique code. 
Tên khách hàng 	Input field to enter the full name of the customer. 
Địa chỉ 	Input field to enter the customer's address (house number, street, district, etc.). 
Nhân viên bán hàng 	Dropdown/search field used to select the salesperson assigned to this transaction. 
Mục đích xuất kho 	Dropdown list allowing the user to select the purpose of the warehouse export (e.g., 1. Bán hàng). 
Lý do xuất 	Text field to provide a brief explanation or context for the export voucher. 
Ngày ghi nhận 	Date picker to select the posting/recording date of the voucher. Initial value is usually the current date. 
Số phiếu 	Displays the voucher code for the warehouse export (e.g., PXK-271023-001). Can be auto-generated or manually entered depending on system configuration. code of the warehouse export voucher, for example: XK-2024-0012.
Liên kết liên quan 	Hyperlink used to attach or navigate to related documents, such as sales contracts. 
+Thêm dòng 	Button used to add a new blank row to the item table below. 
Item Table Columns (Mã hàng, Tên hàng, Số lượng...) 	Displays and allows input for item details including: Item Code, Item Name, Warehouse, Cost/Warehouse Account Codes, Unit, Warranty Period, Quantity, Unit Price, and Total Amount. 
@Đính kèm 	Button allowing users to upload and manage file attachments associated with this specific voucher. 
Hủy 	Button used to cancel the current action and close the screen without saving any data. 
Lưu tạm 	Button used to save the current data as a draft, allowing further editing later without finalizing the voucher. 
Lưu lại 	Button used to save and commit the warehouse export voucher to the system. 
Lưu và In 	Button used to save the voucher and immediately trigger the print preview or printing process. 
3.11.3 View Export Slip Detail
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	View outbound voucher list: view the current list of warehouse export vouchers including key metrics like total amount and status.
●	Filter outbound voucher list: filter vouchers by a specific date range (Từ ngày, Đến ngày) and voucher status (Trạng thái phiếu).
●	Search vouchers: enter keywords in the top global search bar to quickly locate specific documents.
●	Open advanced filters: refine the list with additional filtering options by clicking Lọc thêm.
●	Create new outbound voucher: add a new export voucher by clicking the + Thêm mới button.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View voucher details: click the eye icon in the Thao tác column to quickly preview the specific details of a voucher in the bottom pane without leaving the page.
●	Select multiple records: tick checkboxes to choose one or more vouchers in the list for bulk actions.
●	Review voucher status: quickly identify voucher states using color-coded labels such as Hoàn thành, Đang xuất, Chờ duyệt, and Đã hủy.
●	Navigate through pages: move between result pages using the pagination control at the bottom right.
3.11.4 Edit Export Slip
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	Edit general information: update existing customer details, reassign the salesperson, change the export purpose, or modify the specific reasons for the export.
●	Update voucher details: modify the recording date or manage related document links.
●	Modify item list: add new item lines (+Thêm dòng) to the voucher, edit specific item details (like quantity or price) of existing rows, or remove items using the delete action (red trash icon). The total amount automatically recalculates.
●	Manage attachments: upload new documents or remove existing ones related to the voucher using the @Đính kèm feature.
●	Execute save actions: choose to discard changes (Hủy), save as draft (Lưu tạm), save changes (Lưu lại), or save modifications and print (Lưu và In).

Field Name
Description
Mã khách hàng 	Displays the current customer's code. Allows the user to clear, search, and select a different customer. 
Tên khách hàng 	Displays the current customer's full name. Usually auto-updates if a new customer code is selected. 
Địa chỉ	Displays the current address. Allows the user to manually edit the delivery or billing address. 
Nhân viên bán hàng 	Dropdown/search field displaying the currently assigned salesperson. Allows reassignment to another staff member. 
Mục đích xuất kho 	Dropdown list displaying the current purpose (e.g., 1. Bán hàng). The user can select a different purpose if needed. 
Lý do xuất 	Text field displaying the current explanation. The user can modify this text for better context. 
Ngày ghi nhận 	Date picker displaying the recorded date. The user can adjust this date if the actual posting date differs. 
Số phiếu 	Displays the voucher code (e.g., PXK-271023-001). This is typically a read-only field in edit mode to maintain system tracking integrity. 
Liên kết liên quan 	Hyperlink used to view, add, or remove attached document links. 
+Thêm dòng 	Button used to add a new blank row to the item table below for additional products. 
Item Table Columns (Mã hàng, Tên hàng, Số lượng...) 	Displays existing item lines. Users can modify specific fields such as Số lượng (Quantity) and Đơn giá (Unit Price). 
Delete action (Red trash icon) 	Icon at the end of each item row allowing the user to remove that specific item from the voucher. 
@Đính kèm 	Button showing the current number of attached files (e.g., (0)). Allows users to manage file attachments. 
Hủy 	Button used to discard any unsaved modifications and close the screen. 
Lưu tạm 	Button used to save the current modifications as a draft without finalizing. 
Lưu lại 	Button used to save and commit the changes made to the voucher. 
Lưu và In 	Button used to save the modifications and immediately trigger the print preview or printing process. 


3.12 Stock Transfer Management
3.12.1 View Transfer History List
  
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Monitor Inventory Movements: View a comprehensive, paginated grid of all stock transfer tickets (phiếu chuyển kho) between different company branches or warehouses.
●	Filter Data: Utilize multi-criteria dropdown filters (Timeframe, Status, and Location) to quickly isolate specific transfer records.
●	Manage Transfer Workflows: Initiate a new transfer ticket or import existing data batches via Excel.
●	Generate Financial Reports: Access quick reporting tools at the bottom of the screen to download automated PDF summaries for accounting purposes.
Field Name
Description
Global Sidebar Navigation	Left-hand menu containing system modules: Quy trình, Biểu đồ, Nhập kho, Xuất kho, Chuyển kho (Active), Bảng điều khiển, Đơn hàng, etc.
Top Search Bar	Global search input for quickly locating specific ticket IDs or items across the system.
Tổng phiếu	A high-level overview metric showing the total number of transfer tickets based on the currently applied filters.
Nhập từ Excel (Button)	Opens a dialog to upload a .xlsx or .csv file for mass-creating transfer tickets into the system.
Thêm mới (Button)	Redirects the user to the "Create Transfer Ticket" form. Features a primary color styling.
Data Grid Component	Dynamic tabular view displaying warehouse transfer records.
NGÀY GHI NHẬN	The exact date the transfer ticket was created
SỐ PHIẾU	The unique system-generated identifier for the transfer
KHO XUẤT	The origin warehouse from which the stock is being deducted
KHO NHẬP	The receiving warehouse where the stock is being added
TRẠNG THÁI	Indicates the current phase of the transfer. Values include:
• Hoàn thành (Completed): Goods successfully received.
• Đang chuyển (Transferring): Goods in transit.
• Nháp (Draft): Awaiting manager change
Tải báo cáo nhanh	Contains automated accounting summaries. Subtext: "Tự động tổng hợp dữ liệu chuyển kho định kỳ hàng tháng theo yêu cầu kế toán."
Tạo phiếu mới	A secondary, highly visible shortcut at the bottom of the layout to quickly initiate a new transfer ticket.
3.12.2 Create Transfer Slip
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Input Transfer Details: Define the source, destination, personnel, and accounting dates for an inventory transfer operation.
●	Manage Commodity List: Manually add items row-by-row or mass-import them via Excel to specify which products are being moved.
●	Upload Supporting Documents: Attach relevant files (e.g., physical signed requests or invoices) directly to the digital slip.
●	Process the Workflow: Choose to save the slip as a draft, commit it to the system, or save and print it immediately for warehouse logistics.
Field Name
Description
Kho xuất 	The origin warehouse from which stock will be deducted.
Kho nhập	The receiving warehouse where stock will be added.
Nhân viên thực hiện	Auto-populated with the currently logged-in user (e.g., Nguyễn Văn An), but allows reassignment if the user has appropriate permissions.
Dự án / Tham chiếu	A reference code linking this transfer to a specific project or external document.
Lý do chuyển	Context or justification for the inventory movement.
Số phiếu	System auto-generated sequence
Ngày hạch toán	The date the transfer will be recorded in the financial/accounting ledger.
Ngày chứng từ	The date written on the physical transfer document (usually defaults to today).
Nhập từ Excel	Opens a dialog to upload an .xlsx file to populate the item grid instantly.
Thêm dòng	Appends a new blank row to the bottom of the item grid for manual data entry.
Đính kèm	Displays the current number of successfully uploaded files 
Hủy	Discards all inputs, prompts a confirmation warning ("Bạn có chắc muốn hủy? Dữ liệu chưa lưu sẽ bị mất"), and returns to the Transfer List.
Lưu tạm	Saves the current form data into the database with a "Draft" (Lưu nháp) status. Bypasses strict inventory availability validations until actual submission.
Lưu lại	Triggers full backend validation. If successful, creates the ticket, deducts/allocates inventory, and redirects to the Transfer List with a success message.
Lưu và In	Performs the identical function to "Lưu lại", but upon success, immediately triggers the browser's native print dialog with a formatted A4/A5 PDF template of the transfer slip.
3.12.3 View Transfer Slip Details  
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Review Transfer Data: View detailed core logistics data of the created transfer slip (source warehouse, destination warehouse, and the exact item list).
●	Track Status: Monitor the current progress and workflow state of the slip (e.g., Pending, Transferring, Completed) via the status badge.
●	Modify Supplementary Info: Directly update non-impactful fields (such as Transfer Reason, Project/Reference code, or Attachments) right on the detail interface without altering actual inventory numbers.
●	Execute Workflow Actions: Perform auxiliary actions such as printing the slip, exporting data, or saving the newly updated supplementary notes.
Field Name
Description
Breadcrumb Menu 	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ > Quản lý kho > Chuyển kho > Chi tiết phiếu 
Form Title & Status Badge	Display text: "Chi tiết phiếu chuyển kho: [Số phiếu]". Accompanied by a colored visual badge indicating the current status
Nhân viên thực hiện	Auto-populated with the currently logged-in user (e.g., Nguyễn Văn An), but allows reassignment if the user has appropriate permissions.
Kho xuất 	The origin warehouse from which stock will be deducted.
Kho nhập	The receiving warehouse where stock will be added.
Nhân viên thực hiện	Auto-populated with the currently logged-in user (e.g., Nguyễn Văn An), but allows reassignment if the user has appropriate permissions.
Dự án / Tham chiếu	A reference code linking this transfer to a specific project or external document.
Lý do chuyển	Context or justification for the inventory movement.
Số phiếu	System auto-generated sequence
Ngày hạch toán	The date the transfer will be recorded in the financial/accounting ledger.
Ngày chứng từ	The date written on the physical transfer document (usually defaults to today).
Nhập từ Excel	Opens a dialog to upload an .xlsx file to populate the item grid instantly.
Thêm dòng	Appends a new blank row to the bottom of the item grid for manual data entry.
Đính kèm	Displays the current number of successfully uploaded files 
Hủy	Discards all inputs, prompts a confirmation warning ("Bạn có chắc muốn hủy? Dữ liệu chưa lưu sẽ bị mất"), and returns to the Transfer List.
Lưu tạm	Saves the current form data into the database with a "Draft" (Lưu nháp) status. Bypasses strict inventory availability validations until actual submission.
Lưu lại	Triggers full backend validation. If successful, creates the ticket, deducts/allocates inventory, and redirects to the Transfer List with a success message.
Lưu và In	Performs the identical function to "Lưu lại", but upon success, immediately triggers the browser's native print dialog with a formatted A4/A5 PDF template of the transfer slip.
3.12.4 Update Transfer Slip 
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Load Existing Data: Automatically retrieve and populate the form with the current data of the drafted or pending transfer slip.
●	Modify Logistics & Documentation: Update the destination warehouse, personnel, dates, or supplementary notes as needed.
●	Adjust Commodity List: Add new items, remove existing items, or change the transfer quantities before final commitment.
●	Apply Updates: Save the modifications back as a draft, or finalize the ticket to trigger inventory movement.
Field Name
Description
Breadcrumb Menu 	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ > Quản lý kho > Chuyển kho > Cập nhật phiếu
Form Title	Display text header: "Cập nhật phiếu chuyển kho"
Kho xuất	Business Rule: Once a transfer ticket is generated (even as a draft), the source warehouse is typically locked. This prevents breaking inventory allocation logic or "soft holds" placed on the stock when the draft was initially saved. To change the source, the user must cancel this ticket and create a new one.
Kho nhập	Allows changing the receiving branch if the items need to be rerouted before final approval.
Nhân viên thực hiện	The staff member responsible for the operation.
Dự án / Tham chiếu	Optional reference code linking to external projects.
Lý do chuyển	Justification for the transfer.
Số phiếu	The system-generated ID (e.g., CK00001) cannot be changed.
Ngày hạch toán	Can be adjusted if the financial recording period changes.
Ngày chứng từ	Data Type: Date Picker. State: Editable.
Nhập từ Excel / Thêm dòng	Allows users to append new items to the transfer slip.
Item Data Grid	Columns: STT, Mã hàng, Tên hàng hóa, ĐVT, Số lượng, Đơn giá, Thành tiền. State: Editable.
Business Rule: If the user modifies the Số lượng (Quantity), the system must re-trigger real-time validation against the available stock in the locked Kho xuất. If the new quantity exceeds available stock, highlight the cell in red and block submission.
Hủy	Discards all unsaved modifications and returns the user to the Transfer List.
Lưu tạm	Overwrites the existing draft with the new modifications but keeps the status as "Lưu tạm" (Draft).
Lưu lại	Triggers full validation. Commits the ticket, updates the status, deducts inventory, and redirects to the Transfer List.
Lưu và In 	Commits the updates to the system and immediately opens the print dialog for the physical slip.

3.13 Stocktake Management
3.13.1 View Stocktake History List
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Monitor Inventory Audits: View a comprehensive, paginated grid of all physical stocktake/inventory count tickets (phiếu kiểm kê) across the organization.
●	Filter Audit Records: Utilize multi-criteria dropdown filters (Timeframe, Status, and Location) to quickly isolate specific stocktake sessions.
●	Manage Stocktake Workflows: Initiate a new inventory count ticket or import physical count data in batches via Excel.
●	Analyze Discrepancies: Quickly scan the variance column to identify shortages or surpluses between system records and physical counts.
●	Generate Variance Reports: Access quick reporting tools at the bottom of the screen to download automated Excel summaries of inventory discrepancies.
●	
Field Name
Description
Global Sidebar Navigation	Left-hand menu containing system modules. The Kiểm kê kho (Stocktake) menu item is currently active.
Top Search Bar	Global search input for quickly locating specific stocktake ticket IDs across the system.
Tạo phiếu kiểm kê	Redirects the user to the "Create Stocktake Ticket" form. Features a primary blue color styling.
Data Grid Component	Dynamic tabular view displaying stocktake records.
Ngày kiểm kê	The exact date the inventory audit was initiated or completed
Mã phiếu	The unique system-generated identifier for the stocktake session
Kho kiểm kê	The specific warehouse facility where the physical count is taking place
Nhân viên	The name of the inventory staff or manager responsible for conducting the physical count. 
Số lượng lệch	Displays the absolute numerical difference between the system's expected stock and the physically counted stock.
Trạng thái	Indicates the current phase of the audit. Values include:
• Hoàn tất: The audit is closed, and system records have been updated to match physical counts.
• Đang kiểm: The physical counting process is actively ongoing.
• Bản nháp: Draft
Thao tác	Inline actions allow users to view detailed ticket information (Eye icon) or print the stocktake sheet (Printer icon).
3.13.2 Create Stocktake 
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Define Audit Scope: Select the specific warehouse location, assign the responsible staff member, and set the date for the physical inventory count.
●	Input Physical Counts: Build the list of items being audited (manually or via bulk Excel import) and input the actual physical quantities found on the warehouse floor.
●	Analyze Discrepancies: Automatically view the calculated variance (shortages or surpluses) between the database records and physical reality in real-time.
●	Manage the Audit Lifecycle: Save the session as a draft to continue counting later, or finalize the ticket to formally record the variances for managerial approval and inventory adjustment.

Field Name
Description
Form Title	Display text header: "Tạo phiếu kiểm kê kho"
Kho kiểm kê	Data Type: Select Dropdown. Mandatory. Description: The specific facility being audited.
Business Rule: Changing this dropdown after items have been added to the grid below should trigger a warning: "Thay đổi kho sẽ xóa toàn bộ danh sách hàng hóa đang kiểm kê. Bạn có chắc chắn?" because system stock levels are strictly tied to the selected warehouse.
Nhân viên kiểm kê	Data Type: Select Dropdown. Mandatory. Initial Data: Auto-populated with the logged-in user.
Mục đích kiểm kê	Data Type: String. Optional. Description: The reason for the count
Trạng thái	Data Type: String / Badge. Default: "Đang kiểm".
Ngày kiểm kê	Data Type: Date Picker. Mandatory. Format: DD/MM/YYYY. Default: Current date.
Ghi chú	Data Type: Textarea. Optional. Description: Additional internal notes regarding the audit conditions.
Nhập từ Excel	Data Type: Action Button. Description: Opens a dialog to upload an Excel file containing item codes and their physically counted quantities for rapid bulk entry.
Thêm dòng	Data Type: Action Button. Description: Appends a blank row for manual data entry.
Hủy	Data Type: Cancel Button. Description: Discards the current session, warns the user of data loss if the grid is populated, and returns to the Stocktake History List.
Lưu nháp	Data Type: Secondary Action Button. Description: Saves the ticket data into the database with a "Draft / Đang kiểm" status. Does not generate inventory adjustment logs. Allows the team to resume counting later.
Hoàn thành	Data Type: Primary Action Button. Description: Triggers backend validation. Changes status to "Chờ duyệt" (Pending Approval) or "Đã cân bằng" (Balanced) depending on the approval workflow configuration. Locks the “SL thực tế”  column from further edits.
3.13.3 Select Reference Document
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Select Audit Records: Choose a finalized stocktake ticket to begin the reconciliation workflow.
●	Review Variances: Inspect the discrepancies (shortages or surpluses) between system records and physical counts loaded automatically from the selected ticket.
●	Determine Resolutions: View the system-determined inventory adjustment actions (e.g., creating an export ticket for lost items, or an import ticket for surplus items).
●	Execute Balancing: Apply the adjustments to definitively sync the database inventory with the physical reality.
Field Name
Description
Form Title	Display text: "Đối soát và Cân bằng kho"
Subtitle Instruction	Display text: "Vui lòng chọn phiếu kiểm kê đã hoàn thành để thực hiện đối soát." (Please select a completed stocktake ticket to reconcile.)
Chọn phiếu kiểm kê	Data Type: Searchable Dropdown. State: Mandatory.
Business Rule: This dropdown must only load tickets that are currently in a "Chờ duyệt" (Pending Approval) or "Chờ đối soát" (Pending Reconciliation) status. Tickets that are already "Đã cân bằng" (Balanced) or "Đang kiểm" (Checking) must be strictly excluded from this list to prevent double-adjustments or adjusting incomplete counts.
Hành động xử lý	Data Type: String / Badge. State: System Auto-generated.
Critical Business Rule:
• If Variance < 0 (Shortage): Display "Tạo phiếu xuất kho bù trừ" (Create adjustment export slip).
• If Variance > 0 (Surplus): Display "Tạo phiếu nhập kho bổ sung" (Create adjustment import slip).
• If Variance = 0: The row should ideally be hidden, or display "Không cần xử lý" (No action needed).
Hủy bỏ	Data Type: Cancel Navigation Button. Description: Clears the selected dropdown data, empties the grid, and safely closes the modal without making any system changes.
Thực hiện cân bằng	Data Type: Primary Action Button. Description: Triggers the core reconciliation workflow.
Post-Conditions (Happy Path): Upon clicking, the system must perform the following transactions atomically:
1. Auto-generate the necessary "Nhập kho" (Import) and "Xuất kho" (Export) slips in the background, tagging them with a specific system reason (e.g., "Cân bằng kho tự động từ phiếu KK00214").
2. Update the actual master stock levels based on these new slips.
3. Change the status of the selected Stocktake Ticket to "Đã cân bằng" (Balanced).
4. Close the modal and display a success toast message: "Cân bằng kho thành công".
3.13.4 View Stocktake Details 
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	View Comprehensive Audit Data: Access read-only core information regarding the physical count session, including the target warehouse, responsible staff, system stock, and actual quantities.
●	Track Discrepancies: Inspect the detailed surplus or shortage for each item/component to support accountability, reconciliation, or accounting explanations.
●	Modify Supplementary Info (Hybrid Mechanism): Update non-impactful fields such as "Notes" or "Audit Purpose" directly on the interface without altering actual inventory figures.
●	Execute Auxiliary Actions: Print physical stocktake slips or export variance data to Excel/PDF for external reporting.
Field Name
Description
Breadcrumb Menu	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ > Quản lý kho > Kiểm kê kho > Chi tiết phiếu kiểm kê
Form Title & Status Badge	Display text: "Chi tiết phiếu kiểm kê: [Mã phiếu]" (Stocktake Ticket Detail: [Ticket Code]). Accompanied by a color-coded status badge
Kho kiểm kê	Data Type: String. State: Read-only. Displays the facility being audited to prevent post-count data manipulation.
Nhân viên kiểm kê	The staff member responsible for the physical count.
Ngày kiểm kê	Data Type: Date/Time. State: Read-only. The exact timestamp when the system stock snapshot was taken.
Mục đích kiểm kê	Data Type: Text Input. State: Editable (if not yet balanced). Clarifies the reason for the audit (e.g., Monthly Audit, Suspected Loss).
Ghi chú	Data Type: Textarea. State: Editable (if not yet balanced). Records any observations or issues found during the count (e.g., damaged boxes, misplaced items).
Bảng chi tiết (Data Grid)	Detailed data grid of the audited items.
Business Rule: The entire grid is strictly Read-only. Users cannot edit quantities, add rows, or delete rows here.
Khối tổng hợp số liệu	Pinned at the bottom of the grid:
• Tổng số lượng thực tế (Total Actual Qty): Sum of all counted items.
• Tổng lệch tăng (Total Surplus): Sum of all positive variances (Displayed in Green).
• Tổng lệch giảm (Total Shortage): Absolute sum of all negative variances (Displayed in Red).
Quay lại	Data Type: Navigation Button. Description: Discards any unsaved changes in the Notes/Purpose fields and returns to the Stocktake History List.
In phiếu	Data Type: Action Button. Description: Opens the print dialog for a standardized physical stocktake slip (including signature lines for staff and managers).
Xuất Excel / PDF	Data Type: Export Button. Description: Downloads the detailed variance report for internal review.
Lưu thay đổi	Data Type: Primary Action Button. State: Default is Disabled. It becomes Active only when the user modifies the Purpose or Notes. Clicking it commits these supplementary updates to the database.
3.13.5 Update Stocktake 
 
This screen allows the Manager, Staff to:
●	Resume Audit Session: Automatically load the saved draft data of an ongoing physical inventory count.
●	Modify General Info: Update supplementary details such as the assigned staff, audit date, purpose, or internal notes.
●	Adjust Counted Items: Add new items to the audit list, remove items, or update the physically counted quantities (SL Thực tế).
●	Manage Workflow: Save the progress back as a draft to continue later, or finalize the count to submit it for managerial review and variance reconciliation.
Field Name
Description
Breadcrumb Menu	Navigational tracking path: Trang chủ > Quản lý kho > Kiểm kê kho > Cập nhật phiếu
Form Title	Display text header: "Cập nhật phiếu kiểm kê kho"
Kho kiểm kê	Data Type: String. State: Read-only / Disabled.
Critical Business Rule: Once a stocktake ticket is created, the target warehouse cannot be changed. This is because the Tồn kho HT (System Stock) snapshot is intrinsically tied to the specific facility at the exact time of creation. To change the warehouse, the user must cancel this ticket and create a new one.
Nhân viên kiểm kê	Data Type: Select Dropdown. State: Editable. Description: The staff member actively conducting or responsible for the count.
Mục đích kiểm kê	Data Type: Text Input. State: Editable. Description: The reason for the audit (e.g., Monthly Audit).
Trạng thái	Data Type: Visual Badge. State: Read-only. Displays the current workflow state (e.g., "Đang kiểm" - Checking).
Ngày kiểm kê	Data Type: Date Picker. State: Editable. Format: DD/MM/YYYY.
Ghi chú	Data Type: Textarea. State: Editable. Description: Additional observations during the count.
Hủy	Data Type: Cancel Button. Description: Discards any unsaved modifications made during this session and returns the user to the Stocktake History List.
Lưu nháp	Data Type: Secondary Action Button. Description: Overwrites the existing draft in the database with the newly inputted quantities and notes. The status remains "Đang kiểm" (Checking).
Hoàn thành	Data Type: Primary Action Button. Description: Triggers full validation. Submits the physical counts, locks the ticket from further edits.

3.14 BOM Management 
3.14.1 View Assembly and Disassembly History
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to:
●	View assembly and disassembly history.
●	Search assembly/disassembly vouchers.
●	Create new assembly orders.
●	Create new disassembly orders.
●	Review inventory conversion transactions.
●	Track finished products and consumed components.
●	View voucher details.
●	Navigate through result pages.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Search records using voucher number or keyword.
●	Filter records by transaction type.
●	Filter records by date range.
●	View related inbound and outbound inventory vouchers.
●	Review transaction status and branch information.
●	View detailed item information in the lower detail grid.

Field Name	Description
Search	Text box used to search assembly/disassembly vouchers by voucher number or keyword.
Filter	Dropdown used to filter records by transaction type or status.
Date Range	Allows users to filter transactions within a selected date range.
Thêm lệnh lắp ráp	Button used to create a new assembly order.
Thêm lệnh tháo dỡ	Button used to create a new disassembly order.
Ngày	Displays the transaction date.
Số lệnh	Displays the assembly/disassembly order number. Clicking the hyperlink opens voucher details.
Loại	Displays the transaction type (Assembly or Disassembly).
Phiếu nhập kho	Displays the related inventory receipt voucher generated from the transaction.
Phiếu xuất kho	Displays the related inventory issue voucher generated from the transaction.
Diễn giải	Displays transaction notes or descriptions.
Chi nhánh	Displays the branch performing the transaction.
Chức năng	Contains actions such as View Details.
Chi tiết	Displays item details of the selected voucher.
Mã hàng hóa	Displays product code.
Tên hàng hóa	Displays product name.
ĐVT	Displays unit of measure.
Số lượng	Displays quantity.
Đơn giá	Displays unit cost.
Thành tiền	Displays total amount.
Pagination	Allows navigation between result pages.
Total Records	Displays total number of assembly/disassembly vouchers.
 


3.14.2 Create Assembly Order
 

This screen allows the Manager / Staff to create a new assembly order by selecting finished products and the required components. The system will consume component inventory and generate the assembled product according to the defined BOM (Bill of Materials).
The user can:
●	Create a new assembly order.
●	Enter assembly order information.
●	Select finished products to be assembled.
●	Select components required for assembly.
●	Specify quantities for finished products and components.
●	Calculate assembly costs automatically.
●	Save the assembly order.
●	Save and create another assembly order.
●	Cancel the creation process.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View the generated assembly order number.
●	View the transaction date.
●	Enter notes or descriptions for the assembly transaction.
●	Add or remove finished products.
●	Add or remove assembly components.
●	Load predefined BOM information.
●	Review the total value of the assembly order before saving.

Field Name	Description
Assembly Order No	Displays the unique assembly order number generated by the system (e.g., LRTD00003).
Date	Displays the assembly transaction date. The user may select a different date if permitted.
Description	Text box used to enter notes or explanations for the assembly order.
Reference	Displays reference information related to the transaction.
Total Amount	Displays the total value of the assembly order.
Finished Product Section	Displays products that will be created after assembly.
Product Code	Displays or allows selection of the finished product code.
Product Name	Displays the finished product name.
Unit	Displays the unit of measure of the finished product.
Quantity	Displays the quantity of finished products to be assembled.
Unit Cost	Displays the calculated assembly cost per product.
Amount	Displays the total value of the finished product line.
Add Row (Finished Product)	Adds a new finished product row.
Delete Row (Finished Product)	Removes the selected finished product row.
Assembly Components Section	Displays components required for assembly.
Component Code	Displays or allows selection of a component item.
Component Name	Displays the component name.
Warehouse	Displays the warehouse supplying the component inventory.
Quantity	Displays the quantity of components consumed.
Add Row (Component)	Adds a new component row.
Delete Row (Component)	Removes the selected component row.
BOM Selection	Allows the user to select a predefined BOM template.
Hủy	Cancels the transaction and closes the screen without saving.
Cất	Saves the assembly order and closes the screen.
Cất và In	Saves the assembly order and prints the document.
Cất và Thêm	Saves the assembly order and opens a new blank form.
 


3.14.3 Create Disassembly Order
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to create a new disassembly order by selecting finished products to be dismantled into individual components. The system will reduce finished product inventory and return the recovered components back to inventory.
The user can:
●	Create a new disassembly order.
●	Enter disassembly order information.
●	Select products to be dismantled.
●	Specify quantities of products to be disassembled.
●	Review the components recovered after disassembly.
●	Calculate the total value of recovered components.
●	Save the disassembly order.
●	Save and create another disassembly order.
●	Cancel the transaction.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View the generated disassembly order number.
●	View transaction date information.
●	Enter notes or descriptions.
●	Automatically load component information from the BOM configuration.
●	Add or remove products from the disassembly order.
●	Review recovered component quantities before saving.

Field Name	Description
Disassembly Order No	Displays the unique disassembly order number generated by the system (e.g., LRTD00003).
Date	Displays the transaction date. The user may select another date if permitted.
Description	Text box used to enter notes or explanations for the disassembly transaction.
Reference	Displays reference information related to the transaction.
Total Amount	Displays the total value of the disassembly transaction.
Auto Generate Components	Checkbox used to automatically generate recovered components from the selected finished product BOM.
Product Section	Displays products that will be dismantled.
Product Code	Displays or allows selection of the product code to be disassembled.
Product Name	Displays the product name.
Unit	Displays the unit of measure.
Quantity	Displays the quantity to be dismantled.
Unit Cost	Displays the current inventory cost.
Amount	Displays the total value of the selected product.
Add Row (Product)	Adds a new product row.
Delete Row (Product)	Removes the selected product row.
Recovered Components Section	Displays components obtained after disassembly.
Component Code	Displays the recovered component code.
Component Name	Displays the recovered component name.
Unit	Displays the unit of measure of the component.
Quantity	Displays the quantity returned to inventory.
Add Row (Component)	Adds a new component row.
Delete Row (Component)	Removes the selected component row.
Hủy	Cancels the transaction and closes the screen without saving.
Cất	Saves the disassembly order and closes the screen.
Cất và In	Saves the disassembly order and prints the document.
Cất và Thêm	Saves the disassembly order and opens a new blank form.
 

3.14.4 View Assembly/Disassembly Details
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to view the detailed information of a completed or pending assembly/disassembly order. The screen provides a complete overview of the transaction, including source products, generated products/components, inventory impacts, and related warehouse documents.
The user can:
●	View assembly/disassembly order information.
●	Review transaction details.
●	View assembled products or recovered components.
●	Review quantities and inventory values.
●	View related inventory vouchers.
●	Print the transaction document.
●	Edit the transaction if the status permits.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View order number and transaction date.
●	View transaction description and reference information.
●	View linked warehouse receipt and warehouse issue vouchers.
●	Review all products and components involved in the transaction.
●	Access utility functions from the Tiện ích menu.
●	Print transaction information.
●	Return to the previous screen.

Field Name	Description
Order Number	Displays the unique assembly/disassembly order number (e.g., LRTD00001).
Date	Displays the transaction date.
Description	Displays notes or explanations related to the transaction.
Reference	Displays linked inventory documents generated by the transaction.
Total Amount	Displays the total transaction value.
Auto Generate Components	Indicates whether components were automatically generated from a BOM definition.
Product Section	Displays products selected for assembly or disassembly.
Product Code	Displays the product code.
Product Name	Displays the product name.
Unit	Displays the unit of measure.
Quantity	Displays the transaction quantity.
Unit Cost	Displays the unit cost.
Amount	Displays the total line amount.
Component / Finished Product Section	Displays generated products or recovered components.
Component Code	Displays component code or generated product code.
Component Name	Displays component or generated product name.
Unit	Displays unit of measure.
Quantity	Displays quantity generated or recovered.
Related Inventory Receipt	Displays the inventory receipt voucher generated by the transaction.
Related Inventory Issue	Displays the inventory issue voucher generated by the transaction.
Print	Prints the transaction document.
Utilities	Opens additional utility functions.
Edit	Opens the transaction in edit mode if editing is allowed.
Back	Returns to the previous screen.
Cất và In	Saves the disassembly order and prints the document.
Cất và Thêm	Saves the disassembly order and opens a new blank form.
 

3.14.5 Update Assembly/Disassembly
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to modify an existing assembly or disassembly order before the transaction is finalized. The user can update transaction information, adjust product quantities, modify component details, and recalculate inventory values.
The user can:
●	Update assembly/disassembly order information.
●	Modify transaction descriptions.
●	Change transaction dates.
●	Add, remove, or update products.
●	Add, remove, or update components.
●	Adjust assembly/disassembly quantities.
●	Save changes to the transaction.
●	Save and print the updated transaction.
●	Cancel the update process.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View the current order number.
●	View related inventory documents.
●	Automatically regenerate components from BOM definitions.
●	Review recalculated transaction values.
●	Validate inventory availability before saving.
●	Access utility functions.




Field Name	Description
Order Number	Displays the assembly/disassembly order number being updated (e.g., LRTD00001).
Date	Displays and allows modification of the transaction date.
Description	Text box used to modify transaction notes or explanations.
Reference	Displays related inventory vouchers associated with the transaction.
Total Amount	Displays the recalculated total transaction value.
Auto Generate Components	Checkbox used to automatically regenerate components based on the BOM configuration.
Product Section	Displays products selected for assembly or disassembly.
Product Code	Displays or allows modification of the product code.
Product Name	Displays the product name.
Unit	Displays the unit of measure.
Quantity	Displays and allows modification of transaction quantity.
Unit Cost	Displays the current unit cost.
Amount	Displays the total amount of each line item.
Component Section	Displays components consumed or generated by the transaction.
Component Code	Displays component code.
Component Name	Displays component name.
Unit	Displays component unit of measure.
Quantity	Displays and allows modification of component quantity.
Add Row	Adds a new product or component line.
Delete Row	Removes the selected product or component line.
Hủy	Cancels the update process and returns to the previous screen without saving changes.
Hoãn	Temporarily saves the transaction in draft status for future editing.
Cất	Saves the updated transaction.
Cất và In	Saves the transaction and prints the document.
 

3.15 Warranty Management
3.15.1 View Warranty List
 
This screen allows the User to:
●	View all warranty slips created by the store.
●	Search warranty slips using multiple search criteria.
●	Filter warranty slips by customer, product, status, technician, and warranty expiration date.
●	View detailed information of a selected warranty slip.
●	Create a new warranty slip.
●	Export warranty data for reporting purposes.
●	Print warranty information.
●	Monitor warranty processing status and assigned technicians.
Field Description
Field Name	Description
Warranty Slip No.	Data type: VARCHAR(20). Unique warranty slip identifier. Format: BH-XXXXXX. Searchable field.
Customer	Data type: NVARCHAR(100). Customer name associated with the warranty slip. Searchable field.
Product	Data type: NVARCHAR(200). Product name or product code under warranty. Searchable field.
Status	Dropdown list. Available values: All, Pending, Processing, Completed, Rejected. Default value: All.
Warranty Expiry Date	Data type: DATE. Used to filter warranty records based on expiration date.
Technician	Dropdown list containing active technicians. Default value: All Technicians.
Apply Filter	Button. Executes search and filtering based on selected criteria.
Clear Filter	Button. Resets all filter conditions to default values.
Add New	Button. Opens the Create Warranty Slip screen.
Refresh	Button. Reloads the warranty list with the latest data from the system.
Export File	Button. Exports warranty records to Excel/CSV format.
Print	Button. Prints selected warranty slip information.
More Actions	Dropdown button providing additional actions for selected records.
Select Checkbox	Checkbox used for selecting one or multiple warranty slips for bulk operations.
Warranty Slip No. (Grid Column)	Displays the warranty slip number. Clickable to open Warranty Detail screen.
Customer Name	Displays customer full name.
Phone Number	Displays customer phone number used for warranty lookup.
Product Code	Displays product identifier code.
Product Name	Displays product name covered under warranty.
Serial Number	Displays product serial number (if available).
Created Date	Data type: DATE. Date when the warranty slip was created.
Warranty Expiry Date (Grid Column)	Displays the warranty expiration date committed by the store.
Status (Grid Column)	Displays current warranty processing status using color-coded labels.
Assigned Technician	Displays technician responsible for handling the warranty request.
Records Per Page	Dropdown list for selecting the number of records displayed per page.
Pagination Control	Navigation control for moving between pages of warranty records.
Total Warranty Records	Displays the total number of warranty slips matching current filter criteria.


3.15.2 View Warranty Detail
 
This screen allows the User to:
●	View detailed information of a warranty slip.
●	View customer information associated with the warranty request.
●	View product warranty information and warranty eligibility.
●	View all products covered under the warranty slip.
●	View warranty history and repair history.
●	Create a Repair Ticket for warranty processing.
●	Update warranty status.
●	Print warranty slip information.
●	View attached documents and notes.
Field Description
Field Name	Description
Warranty Slip No.	Data type: VARCHAR(20), unique identifier of the warranty slip. Example: PKX-240501.
Warranty Status	Initial data values: Completed, Processing, Pending, Rejected, Expired. Displayed as status badge.
Edit	Button. Allows authorized users to update warranty information.
Print	Button. Prints warranty slip details.
Create Repair Ticket	Button. Creates a new repair ticket associated with this warranty slip.
Update Status	Button. Updates warranty processing status.
Customer Name	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), customer full name.
Phone Number	Data type: VARCHAR(15), customer contact number.
Email	Data type: VARCHAR(100), customer email address.
Address	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), customer address.
Reference Invoice	Data type: VARCHAR(20), reference sales invoice number. Clickable hyperlink.
Product Code	Data type: VARCHAR(50), unique product identifier.
Product Name	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), product name under warranty.
Serial Number (S/N)	Data type: VARCHAR(100), serial number used for warranty verification.
Purchase Date	Data type: DATE, date the product was purchased.
Warranty Eligibility Status	Initial data values: Under Warranty, Expired Warranty.
Warranty Expiry Date	Data type: DATE, warranty expiration date.
Product List	Table displaying all products covered by the warranty slip.
Product Name (Grid)	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), product name included in warranty coverage.
Model	Data type: VARCHAR(100), product model number.
Quantity	Data type: INTEGER, minimum value 1.
Warranty Period	Data type: VARCHAR(20), example: 3 Months, 12 Months, 24 Months.
Serial / IMEI	Data type: VARCHAR(100), product serial number or IMEI.
Note	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), additional remarks regarding product condition or warranty coverage.
Total Products	Data type: INTEGER, total number of products associated with the warranty slip.
Export Date	Data type: DATE, date the product was sold/exported.
Sales Employee	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), employee responsible for the sale transaction.
Warehouse	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), warehouse from which the product was exported.
Payment Method	Initial data values: Cash, Bank Transfer, Credit Card, E-Wallet, Mixed Payment.
Detail Information Tab	Displays warranty summary information.
Products Tab	Displays all warranty-covered products.
Warranty Tab	Displays warranty conditions and coverage details.
Repair History Tab	Displays repair records related to the warranty slip.
Notes Tab	Displays internal notes and customer remarks.
Attachments Tab	Displays uploaded supporting documents, invoices, images, and warranty files.

3.15.3 Create Repair Ticket
 
This screen allows the User to:
●	Search warranty information using Phone Number, Invoice Number, or Serial/QR Code.
●	Verify whether the product is still under warranty.
●	View customer and product information before creating a repair ticket.
●	Record product condition at the time of receipt.
●	Record customer-reported issues and defect descriptions.
●	Capture warranty eligibility information.
●	Upload supporting photos and videos.
●	Save warranty/repair intake information.
●	Print the intake receipt.
●	Create a Repair Ticket for technical processing.
Field Description
Field Name	Description
Phone Number	Data type: VARCHAR(15), customer phone number used for warranty lookup.
Invoice Number	Data type: VARCHAR(20), invoice number associated with the warranty product.
Serial / QR Code	Data type: VARCHAR(100), product serial number or scanned QR code.
Scan QR Button	Button used to scan QR Code or Barcode for automatic product lookup.
Search	Button used to retrieve customer, warranty, and product information.
Customer Name	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), auto-populated customer full name.
Phone Number (Result)	Data type: VARCHAR(15), registered customer phone number.
Email	Data type: VARCHAR(100), customer email address.
Invoice Number (Reference)	Data type: VARCHAR(20), original sales invoice number.
Purchase Date	Data type: DATE, original purchase date of the product.
Product Code	Data type: VARCHAR(50), unique product identifier.
Product Name	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), product name under warranty.
Serial Number	Data type: VARCHAR(100), product serial number.
Warranty Expiry Date	Data type: DATE, warranty expiration date.
Warranty Status	Initial data values: Under Warranty, Expired Warranty, Warranty Void.
Intake Type	Dropdown list. Initial data values: Manufacturer Warranty, Store Warranty, Paid Repair Service.
Physical Condition	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), description of product appearance and physical condition at intake.
Priority Level	Dropdown list. Initial data values: Low, Normal, High, Urgent. Default value: Normal.
Included Accessories	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), accessories submitted together with the product.
Receiving Staff	Dropdown list containing active employees authorized to receive products.
Defect Type	Dropdown list. Initial data values: Hardware Failure, Software Failure, Physical Damage, Unknown Issue, Other.
Intake Date	Data type: DATE, default value = current system date.
Warranty Condition	Dropdown list. Initial data values: Eligible, Not Eligible, Pending Inspection.
Customer Reported Issue	Data type: NVARCHAR(1000), detailed issue description provided by the customer.
Front View Image	Image upload control. Supports JPG, PNG, JPEG. Maximum size: 10 MB.
Back View Image	Image upload control. Supports JPG, PNG, JPEG. Maximum size: 10 MB.
Defect Image / Video	File upload control. Supports images and videos documenting the issue. Maximum size: 50 MB.
Customer Leaves Device for Inspection	Checkbox indicating customer agreement to leave the device for inspection (1–3 days).
Important Data Backed Up	Checkbox confirming important customer data has been backed up.
Check Warranty Eligibility	Button used to validate warranty coverage conditions.
Create Repair Ticket	Button used to create a repair ticket and start the repair workflow.
Save Receipt	Button used to save warranty intake information.
Print Intake Receipt	Button used to print the warranty intake receipt.
Cancel	Button used to cancel the current operation and return to the previous screen.

3.15.4 View Repair Ticket List
 
This screen allows the User to:
●	View all repair tickets in the system.
●	Search repair tickets by Repair Ticket Number, Warranty Slip Number, Product Serial Number, or Customer information.
●	Filter repair tickets by Status, Assigned Technician, Priority, and Processing Date.
●	View repair ticket details.
●	Create a new Repair Ticket.
●	Assign repair tickets to technicians.
●	Export repair ticket data.
●	Print repair ticket information.
●	Monitor repair progress and processing deadlines.
Field Description
Field Name	Description
Status	Dropdown list. Initial data values: All Statuses, New, Checking, Repairing, Waiting for Parts, Completed, Cancelled.
Technician	Dropdown list containing active technicians. Default value: All Technicians.
Priority	Dropdown list. Initial data values: All, Low, Normal, High, Urgent.
Received Date From	Data type: DATE, start date for filtering repair tickets by received date.
Processing Deadline To	Data type: DATE, end date for filtering repair tickets by processing deadline.
Apply Filter	Button used to apply selected filter conditions.
Clear Filter	Button used to reset all filter conditions.
Add New	Button used to create a new repair ticket.
Assign Technician	Button used to assign selected repair tickets to technicians.
Print	Button used to print selected repair tickets.
Export File	Button used to export repair ticket data to Excel/CSV format.
Search Box	Data type: VARCHAR(100), supports searching by Repair Ticket Number, Warranty Slip Number, Product Name, or Serial Number.
Select Checkbox	Checkbox used to select one or multiple repair tickets for batch operations.
Repair Ticket Number	Data type: VARCHAR(20), unique repair ticket identifier. Example: SC230001.
Warranty Slip Number	Data type: VARCHAR(20), related warranty slip number. May be null for non-warranty repairs.
Customer Name	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), customer full name.
Product Name	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), product submitted for repair.
Serial Number	Data type: VARCHAR(100), product serial number.
Defect Description	Data type: NVARCHAR(500), summary of reported defect or issue.
Assigned Technician	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), technician responsible for handling the repair ticket.
Status (Grid)	Initial data values: New, Checking, Repairing, Waiting for Parts, Completed, Cancelled. Displayed using color-coded status labels.
Received Date	Data type: DATE, date when the repair request was received.
Processing Deadline	Data type: DATE, expected completion date for the repair request.
Total Repair Tickets	Data type: INTEGER, total number of repair tickets matching current search/filter conditions.
Records Per Page	Dropdown list used to select the number of records displayed per page.
Pagination Control	Navigation control used to move between result pages.

3.15.5  Update Repair Ticket
 
This screen allows the User to:
●	View the current repair progress of a repair ticket.
●	Update repair status throughout the repair lifecycle.
●	Assign or reassign technicians responsible for repair work.
●	Record technical findings and repair activities.
●	Manage repair schedules and expected completion dates.
●	Record replacement parts used during the repair process.
●	Send repair progress notifications to customers.
●	View repair timeline and activity history.
●	Print repair progress information.
Field Description
Field Name	Description
Repair Ticket Number	Data type: VARCHAR(20), unique repair ticket identifier. Example: WRS-2023-0852.
Customer Name	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), customer or company name associated with the repair request.
Current Status	Initial data values: New, Received, Checking, Repairing, Waiting for Parts, Completed, Delivered, Cancelled.
Update Status	Button used to update the current repair status.
Send Notification	Button used to send repair progress notifications to customers.
Print	Button used to print repair ticket information.
Repair Progress Timeline	Timeline displaying all repair stages and progress updates.
Created Ticket Stage	System-generated repair ticket creation record including timestamp and creator.
Received Stage	Displays intake confirmation and receiving information.
Checking Stage	Displays diagnostic activities and technical findings.
Repairing Stage	Displays repair activities currently in progress.
Waiting for Parts Stage	Displays repair status when replacement parts are unavailable.
Completed Stage	Displays completion and quality control information.
Delivered Stage	Displays handover information after repair completion.
Timeline Timestamp	Data type: DATETIME, date and time associated with each repair stage.
Timeline Note	Data type: NVARCHAR(500), description of actions performed during each stage.
Assigned Technician	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), technician responsible for handling the repair request.
Technician Department	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), department or repair team of the assigned technician.
Expected Completion Date	Data type: DATE, estimated repair completion date.
Priority Level	Initial data values: Low, Normal, High, Urgent.
Current Technical Status	Data type: NVARCHAR(500), detailed description of the current repair condition or progress.
Internal Technical Note	Data type: NVARCHAR(1000), internal notes visible only to technicians and authorized staff.
Customer Notification Message	Data type: NVARCHAR(500), message content sent to customers regarding repair progress.
Send Message Button	Button used to send the entered notification message to the customer.
Replacement Parts List	Table displaying parts used or planned for replacement during repair.
Replacement Part Name	Data type: NVARCHAR(255), name of replacement component or spare part.
Replacement Quantity	Data type: INTEGER, quantity of replacement parts used.
Inventory Management Link	Hyperlink used to navigate to inventory information for replacement parts.
Activity History	Table displaying all repair activities and status changes.
Activity Timestamp	Data type: DATETIME, date and time when the activity occurred.
Activity Status	Displays repair status at the time of update.
Updated By	Data type: NVARCHAR(100), user who performed the update.
Activity Description	Data type: NVARCHAR(1000), detailed description of the performed activity.
Total Activity Records	Data type: INTEGER, total number of repair history records associated with the ticket.

3.16 Reporting & Analytics
3.16.1 View Reports
 
This screen allows the user to:
●	Search for available reports by report name or keyword.
●	View a list of available reports in the system.
●	Mark or unmark reports as favorites for quick access.
●	Open and generate inventory, stock, transfer, debt, and dashboard reports.
Fields Description
Field Name	Description
Search Reports	Allows users to search for reports by entering a report name or related keyword.
Report Name	Displays the name of a report available in the system. Users can select a report to view its details.
Favorite Report	Allows users to mark or unmark a report as a favorite for quick access.
Debt Report	Provides information about customer and supplier debts, including outstanding receivables and payables.
Inventory On-Hand Balance Report	Displays the current inventory quantity available in warehouses.
Stock Ledger Report	Shows the transaction history of inventory movements, including stock-in, stock-out, and balance records.
Stock Transfer Report	Displays records of inventory transfers between warehouses.
Dashboard Report	Provides a summarized view of key business metrics such as inventory status, debt information, and warehouse activities.
Report Language	Allows users to select the language used for displaying report content.
Report Image Display	Allows users to enable or disable product images in generated reports.

3.16.2 View Inventory On-Hand Balance Report
 
This screen allows the user to:
●	View current inventory quantities across multiple warehouses.
●	Analyze stock availability by warehouse and product.
●	Search and filter inventory records.
●	Customize report parameters and layouts.
●	Export, print, email, or save inventory reports.
Fields Description
Field Name	Description
Back to Report List	Allows users to return to the report list screen.
Report Title	Displays the name of the current report being viewed.
Save Report	Allows users to save the current report configuration for future use.
Select Parameters	Allows users to configure report filters and criteria before generating the report.
Filter	Opens filtering options to refine report data.
Add Condition	Allows users to add additional filtering conditions to the report.
Edit Layout	Allows users to customize the report layout and displayed columns.
Search	Allows users to search for specific products or records within the report.
Refresh	Reloads the report data based on the current parameters and filters.
Send Email	Allows users to send the generated report via email.
Export Report	Allows users to export the report to supported file formats such as Excel or PDF.
Print Report	Allows users to print the current report.
Settings	Opens report display and configuration settings.
Item Code	Displays the unique code of the inventory item.
Item Name	Displays the name of the inventory item.
Unit of Measure (UOM)	Displays the unit used to measure the inventory item.
Total Quantity	Displays the total inventory quantity across all warehouses.
Warehouse Column (e.g., K01, MK01)	Displays the inventory quantity available in a specific warehouse.
Total Row	Displays the aggregated inventory quantity for all listed items.
Record Count	Displays the total number of records returned in the report.
Page Size	Allows users to select the number of records displayed per page.
Pagination	Allows users to navigate between report pages.

3.16.3  View Stock Ledger Report
 
This screen allows the user to:
●	View detailed inventory transaction history.
●	Track stock movements by warehouse and product.
●	Review related document information for inventory transactions.
●	Search and filter stock ledger records.
●	Export, print, email, or save stock ledger reports.
Fields Description
Field Name	Description
Back to Report List	Allows users to return to the report list screen.
Report Title	Displays the name of the current stock ledger report.
Save Report	Allows users to save the current report configuration for future use.
Select Parameters	Allows users to define report criteria such as warehouse, date range, and products.
Filter	Opens filtering options to refine report results.
Add Condition	Allows users to add additional filtering criteria.
Edit Layout	Allows users to customize report columns and layout.
Search	Allows users to search for specific records within the report.
Refresh	Reloads report data based on the selected parameters.
Send Email	Allows users to send the report via email.
Export Report	Allows users to export the report to Excel, PDF, or other supported formats.
Print Report	Allows users to print the report.
Settings	Opens report display and configuration settings.
Warehouse Name	Displays the warehouse where inventory transactions occurred.
Product Name	Displays the name of the product associated with the transaction.
Description	Displays additional details or notes related to the transaction.
Posting Date	Displays the accounting date when the transaction was recorded.
Document Date	Displays the date shown on the related transaction document.
Document Number	Displays the unique identifier of the transaction document.
Reference	Displays the reason, purpose, or business description of the transaction.
Unit of Measure (UOM)	Displays the unit used for the product.
Unit Price	Displays the price per unit of the product at the time of the transaction.
Product Group Header	Groups transactions by product code for easier tracking.
Warehouse Group Header	Groups transactions by warehouse.
Total Row	Displays summarized totals for the report.
Record Count	Displays the total number of records returned in the report.
Page Size	Allows users to select the number of records displayed per page.
Pagination	Allows users to navigate between report pages.

3.16.4  View Stock Transfer Report
 
This screen allows the user to:
●	View stock transfer transactions between warehouses.
●	Monitor transferred quantities and inventory values.
●	Track source and destination warehouses.
●	Search and filter stock transfer records.
●	Export, print, email, or save stock transfer reports.
Fields Description
Field Name	Description
Back to Report List	Allows users to return to the report list screen.
Report Title	Displays the name of the current stock transfer report.
Save Report	Allows users to save the current report configuration for future use.
Select Parameters	Allows users to define report criteria such as date range, warehouses, and products.
Filter	Opens filtering options to refine report results.
Add Condition	Allows users to add additional filtering criteria.
Edit Layout	Allows users to customize report columns and layout.
Search	Allows users to search for specific stock transfer records.
Refresh	Reloads the report data based on the selected filters and parameters.
Send Email	Allows users to send the report via email.
Export Report	Allows users to export the report to supported formats such as Excel or PDF.
Print Report	Allows users to print the report.
Settings	Opens report display and configuration settings.
Document Date	Displays the date of the stock transfer document.
Document Number	Displays the unique identifier of the stock transfer document.
Item Code	Displays the unique code of the transferred product.
Item Name	Displays the name of the transferred product.
Source Warehouse	Displays the warehouse from which the product was transferred.
Destination Warehouse	Displays the warehouse to which the product was transferred.
Unit of Measure (UOM)	Displays the unit used for the transferred product.
Quantity	Displays the quantity of products transferred.
Unit Price	Displays the unit cost of the transferred product.
Amount	Displays the total value of the transferred products.
Transaction Type	Displays the type of inventory transaction, such as stock transfer.
Total Row	Displays summarized totals for quantity and amount.
Record Count	Displays the total number of records returned in the report.
Page Size	Allows users to select the number of records displayed per page.
Pagination	Allows users to navigate between report pages.

3.16.5  View Debt Report
 
This screen allows the Manager to view and analyze customer debt information, monitor outstanding balances, track overdue receivables, and evaluate collection performance.
The user can:
●	View customer debt summary information.
●	Monitor overdue receivables.
●	Analyze debt collection performance.
●	Search customer debt records.
●	Filter debt data by customer, date range, debt status, and account manager.
●	Export debt reports to PDF or Excel.
●	Track customer payment history and outstanding balances.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View key debt management KPIs.
●	Identify overdue customers through status indicators.
●	Review debt movement during a selected reporting period.
●	Analyze customer debt trends and collection efficiency.
●	Navigate through report pages. 
Fields Description
Field Name	Description
Tổng công nợ phải thu	Displays the total outstanding receivable amount from all customers.
Nợ quá hạn	Displays the total overdue receivable amount that has exceeded the agreed payment terms.
Đã thu trong tháng	Displays the total amount collected during the current reporting period.
Số lượng khách nợ	Displays the total number of customers with outstanding balances.
Khách hàng	Search box used to search customers by customer code or customer name.
Thời gian báo cáo	Allows users to select the reporting period for debt analysis.
Trạng thái nợ	Dropdown used to filter records by debt status.
Nhân viên quản lý	Dropdown used to filter customers by assigned account manager.
Tất cả khách hàng	Quick filter displaying all customers with debt records.
Nợ > 500 triệu	Quick filter displaying customers with debt balances greater than 500 million VND.
Quá hạn > 30 ngày	Quick filter displaying customers whose debts are overdue for more than 30 days.
Khu vực	Quick filter displaying customers belonging to a selected region.
Xóa tất cả bộ lọc	Clears all active filter conditions.
Export PDF	Exports the debt report to PDF format.
Export Excel	Exports the debt report to Excel format.
Customer Code	Displays the unique customer code.
Customer Name	Displays the customer name.
Opening Balance	Displays the receivable balance at the beginning of the reporting period.
Debit Increase	Displays the amount added to customer debt during the reporting period.
Credit Decrease	Displays the amount collected or reduced during the reporting period.
Closing Balance	Displays the outstanding receivable balance at the end of the reporting period.
Debt Status	Displays the current debt status of the customer.
Pagination	Allows navigation between report pages.



3.16.6 View Dashboard
 
This screen allows the user to:
●	Monitor key inventory and warehouse performance indicators.
●	View low-stock and out-of-stock product alerts.
●	Analyze inventory value and turnover metrics.
●	Access summarized warehouse operational data.
●	Navigate to detailed inventory information.
Fields Description
Field Name	Description
Process Navigation Menu	Allows users to navigate between system modules such as Inbound, Outbound, Transfer, Stocktake, Manufacturing, Assembly, Reports, and Products.
Inventory Alerts Widget	Displays summary information about inventory items that require attention.
Low Stock Items	Displays the number of products that are approaching the minimum stock threshold.
Out of Stock Items	Displays the number of products that are currently out of stock.
Inventory Turnover Ratio	Displays the inventory turnover rate for the selected period.
Average Days in Inventory	Displays the average number of days inventory remains in stock before being sold or transferred.
Inventory Value Chart	Displays the total inventory value and quantity of products currently available in stock.
Total Inventory Value	Displays the total monetary value of all inventory items across warehouses.
Product Name	Displays the name of the inventory item.
Quantity	Displays the current quantity available for each inventory item.
Inventory Value	Displays the total inventory value of each inventory item.
View More	Allows users to view detailed inventory information.
Low Stock Items List	Displays products that have reached or are below the predefined minimum stock level.
Warehouse	Displays the warehouse where the low-stock item is stored.
Current Stock Quantity	Displays the current available quantity of the product.
Minimum Stock Level	Displays the minimum stock threshold configured for the product.
Dashboard Period Filter	Allows users to select the reporting period displayed on the dashboard (e.g., This Month).
Refresh Dashboard	Reloads dashboard data and updates all displayed metrics.
Widget Settings	Allows users to customize dashboard widgets and display preferences.
Last Updated Time	Displays the most recent date and time when the dashboard data was refreshed.
Reload Data	Allows users to manually refresh the widget data.

3.16.7 View Inventory Summary Report
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to view summarized inventory movements within a selected period. The report provides an overview of opening balance, inventory receipts, inventory issues, and ending inventory quantities and values for each product in each warehouse.
The user can:
●	View inventory summary information by warehouse and product.
●	Monitor inventory movement during a selected period.
●	Analyze opening stock, incoming stock, outgoing stock, and ending stock.
●	Search inventory records.
●	Save report templates.
●	Load previously saved report configurations.
●	Export report data.
●	Print reports.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	Select report parameters.
●	Filter inventory data by warehouse, product, category, or reporting period.
●	View quantity and value information separately.
●	Navigate through report pages.
●	Export report results to Excel or PDF.
●	Print the report directly.
Fields Description
Field Name	Description
Danh sách báo cáo	Link used to navigate back to the report catalog screen.
Danh sách báo cáo đã lưu	Displays previously saved report configurations.
Lưu báo cáo	Button used to save the current report configuration for future use.
Chọn tham số	Button used to open the report parameter selection screen.
Search	Text box used to search products or warehouses within the report.
Warehouse Name	Displays the warehouse where inventory transactions occurred.
Product Code	Displays the unique product code.
Product Name	Displays the product name.
Unit	Displays the unit of measure of the product.
Opening Quantity	Displays inventory quantity at the beginning of the reporting period.
Opening Value	Displays inventory value at the beginning of the reporting period.
Receipt Quantity	Displays total quantity received during the reporting period.
Receipt Value	Displays total receipt value during the reporting period.
Issue Quantity	Displays total quantity issued during the reporting period.
Issue Value	Displays total issue value during the reporting period.
Ending Quantity	Displays inventory quantity at the end of the reporting period.
Ending Value	Displays inventory value at the end of the reporting period.
Total Row	Displays aggregated totals for all displayed records.
Export Excel	Exports the report to an Excel file.
Export PDF	Exports the report to a PDF file.
Print	Prints the current report.
Pagination	Allows navigation between report pages.

 

3.16.8 View Business Process Flow
 
This screen allows the Manager / Staff to view the overall warehouse business process flow and quickly navigate to related operational functions and reports. The screen provides a visual representation of inventory workflows, helping users understand the relationships between warehouse activities.
The user can:
●	View warehouse business process diagrams.
●	Understand the relationship between inventory operations.
●	Navigate directly to warehouse functions.
●	Access frequently used reports.
●	View operational workflows from inventory receipt to inventory issue.
●	Access master data management functions.
On the screen, s/he can also:
●	View warehouse workflow diagrams.
●	Access inventory-related modules through graphical shortcuts.
●	View available reports from the report panel.
●	Navigate to warehouse configuration screens.
●	Access utility and system configuration functions.
Field Name	Description
Biểu đồ	Tab used to display warehouse business process diagrams and workflow relationships.
Nhập kho	Navigation tab used to access inventory receipt functions.
Xuất kho	Navigation tab used to access inventory issue functions.
Chuyển kho	Navigation tab used to access warehouse transfer functions.
Kiểm kê	Navigation tab used to access stocktake functions.
Lắp ráp, tháo dỡ	Navigation tab used to access assembly and disassembly management functions.
Báo cáo	Navigation tab used to access reporting functions.
Hàng hóa, dịch vụ	Navigation tab used to access product and service management functions.
Nghiệp vụ kho	Displays the visual warehouse business process workflow.
Lắp ráp, tháo dỡ (Workflow Node)	Shortcut used to navigate to Assembly & Disassembly Management.
Xuất kho (Workflow Node)	Shortcut used to navigate to Inventory Export Management.
Chuyển kho (Workflow Node)	Shortcut used to navigate to Stock Transfer Management.
Nhập kho (Workflow Node)	Shortcut used to navigate to Inventory Import Management.
Tính giá xuất kho (Workflow Node)	Shortcut used to access inventory valuation functions.
Kiểm kê (Workflow Node)	Shortcut used to navigate to Stocktake Management.
Báo cáo Panel	Displays frequently used reports related to warehouse operations.
Sổ chi tiết vật tư hàng hóa	Shortcut used to open the Stock Ledger Report.
Tổng hợp tồn kho	Shortcut used to open the Inventory On-Hand Balance Report.
Báo cáo đối chiếu giá thành và giá trị nhập kho	Shortcut used to open inventory reconciliation reports.
Báo cáo đối chiếu kho và sổ cái	Shortcut used to open warehouse and accounting reconciliation reports.
Báo cáo tiến độ sản xuất	Shortcut used to open production progress reports.
Tất cả báo cáo	Opens the complete report catalog.
Kho	Shortcut used to open Warehouse Management.
Vật tư hàng hóa	Shortcut used to open Product Management.
Đơn vị tính	Shortcut used to open Unit Management.
Tiện ích	Shortcut used to access utility functions.
Tùy chọn	Shortcut used to access system settings and configuration.
User Profile	Displays current user information and profile settings.
Settings	Opens user preferences and application settings.

4. Non-Functional Requirements
4.1 External Interfaces
4.1.1 User Interfaces
●	The system shall provide a responsive web interface that can be used on desktop computers, laptops, and mobile browsers.
●	The interface shall support at least common browsers such as Chrome, Edge, and Firefox in their current versions.
●	The main business screens shall include: login, dashboard, stock receipt, stock issue, stock transfer, POS sales, product management, customer management, supplier management, warranty management, and reporting.
●	Frequent business operations shall be optimized for fast data entry, with minimal steps and reduced unnecessary page transitions.
●	The interface shall clearly display document status, error warnings, action confirmations, and processing results.
4.1.2 Hardware Interfaces
●	The system shall support barcode scanners or QR code scanners for product lookup and fast transaction processing.
●	The system shall be compatible with receipt printers and document printers used at the sales counter and in the warehouse.
●	If deployed at the POS counter, the system shall support touchscreen operation.
●	If other peripheral devices such as handheld scanners or label printers are used, the system shall allow connection configuration at the application or browser level.
4.1.3 Software Interfaces
●	The system shall store and retrieve data using a relational database, ensuring consistency across all modules.
●	The system shall provide internal APIs for business modules such as inventory, sales, warranty, customers, and reporting.
●	The system shall support data export in common formats such as Excel or CSV for reconciliation and internal reporting.
●	If integration with external systems is required in the future, the software interface shall support extension through REST API.
●	Data exchange messages shall have a clear structure, including error codes and complete response statuses.
4.1.4 Communication Interfaces
●	The system shall operate over standard TCP/IP network connections.
●	Data exchanged between the browser and the server shall use HTTPS for security.
●	The system shall support email or OTP notifications if customer authentication or transaction confirmation is required.
●	Synchronous transactions between the client and server shall provide clear success/failure responses.
●	If data synchronization or import/export functions are used, the system shall define the data format, encoding, and error-handling mechanism.
4.2 Quality Attributes
4.2.1 Usability 
●	New users shall be able to perform basic operations after a short training period without requiring advanced instruction.
●	Common actions such as creating stock receipts, stock issues, searching products, scanning codes, and printing documents shall have short and intuitive workflows.
●	The system shall maintain consistent naming for data fields, buttons, and document statuses across the entire interface.
●	Error messages shall be easy to understand and shall clearly indicate the cause and the required corrective action.
●	The interface shall follow familiar enterprise application design principles, prioritizing learnability and ease of use.
4.2.2 Performance
●	Response time for normal catalog lookup operations shall be near instantaneous to ensure a fast data-entry experience.
●	Creating or saving business documents shall respond quickly and shall not interrupt the workflow.
●	The system shall support multiple concurrent users without significant degradation in processing speed.
●	Searches by product code, product name, serial number, or document number shall return results quickly even as the database grows.
●	Performance shall be evaluated using clear indicators such as response time, throughput, and data-handling capacity.
4.2.3 Reliability
●	The system shall ensure that transaction data is not lost after a document has been successfully saved.
●	All posted documents shall be traceable through their change history.
●	In case of system errors or network interruptions, the data currently being processed shall be preserved as much as possible.
●	The system shall minimize discrepancies between physical stock and system stock.
●	High-risk operations shall require confirmation before execution.
4.2.4 Security
●	The system shall authenticate users before allowing access to business functions.
●	Authorization shall be based on roles or functions, restricting users to their permitted scope.
●	Sensitive data such as customer information, phone numbers, email addresses, and transaction history shall be protected.
●	User sessions shall have appropriate expiration mechanisms to reduce the risk of unauthorized access.
●	Important actions such as deleting, canceling, or editing documents shall be fully logged.
4.2.5 Maintainability
●	The system shall be designed using a modular architecture to support maintenance, expansion, and defect fixing.
●	Source code shall be organized clearly by business module.
●	Frequently changing configuration data should be separated from business logic to simplify updates.
●	The system shall have a stable data structure and API design to support future upgrades.
●	Functional and workflow documentation shall be complete enough to support long-term maintenance.
4.2.6 Scalability
●	The system shall be able to scale as the number of documents, products, and users increases.
●	The design shall allow new warehouses, branches, or sales points to be added without major architectural changes.
●	Historical data shall be stored in a way that keeps lookup efficient as the system grows.
●	The application architecture shall support horizontal scaling or load optimization when necessary.
●	Reporting and search modules shall be able to handle data growth over time.
4.2.7 Compatibility
●	The system shall be compatible with modern browser environments.
●	If peripheral devices such as printers or barcode scanners are used, the system shall be compatible with widely available devices on the market.
●	Exported data shall use common formats so it can be easily used with office software.
●	The system shall operate stably in a local network or on a standard internet connection.
4.2.8 Portability
●	The system shall be deployable on common server environments.
●	The web interface shall run correctly across multiple screen resolutions.
●	Migration to a new deployment environment shall not depend heavily on proprietary platforms.
●	Data and configuration shall be backed up and restored when needed.
4.2.9 Auditability
●	All stock receipt, stock issue, stock transfer, sales, and warranty transactions shall record the performer, execution time, and change details.
●	The system shall store document processing history for checking and reconciliation.
●	Actions such as canceling, editing, or reversing documents shall be clearly recorded.
●	Inventory checks and reconciliation reports shall contain enough data to trace the source of discrepancies.
4.2.10 Availability
●	The system shall be available during business hours with minimal interruption.
●	If maintenance is required, the system should notify users in advance and minimize disruption to ongoing transactions.
●	Core functions such as lookup, document creation, and stock viewing shall always be prioritized for availability.
●	Backup mechanisms shall be in place to reduce the risk of service loss.
5. Requirement Appendix
5.1 Business Rules  
ID	Rule Definition
I. System & Access Management
BR-01	An inactive or unapproved account cannot log into the system.
BR-02	The OTP (One-Time Password) generated for password recovery is valid for a maximum of 5 minutes.
BR-03	If a user enters incorrect login credentials 5 consecutive times, the system will temporarily lock the account for 30 minutes.
BR-04	Only users with the SUPER_ADMIN role have the permission to create, lock, or configure access rights for other user accounts.
BR-05	Dynamic module-level permissions (View/Add/Edit/Delete specific screens) are only applicable to accounts assigned to the STAFF group.
BR-06	All data modification actions (Create/Update/Delete) and Login/Logout events must be automatically recorded in the System Audit Log.
BR-07	The Audit Log operates on an append-only principle. No user, including SUPER_ADMIN, has the right to modify or delete the log history.
BR-08	User passwords must be irreversibly hashed before being stored in the database. Passwords cannot be stored or viewed in plain text.
II. Master Data (Product, Category, Supplier, Customer)
BR-09	Product Code, Category Code, and Partner (Supplier/Customer) Code must be unique identifiers across the entire system.
BR-10	When created, a product must be assigned to exactly one active Category and one active Unit of Measurement.
BR-11	A Product/Customer/Supplier cannot be permanently deleted if there is an existing transaction history. Their status can only be changed to "Inactive".
BR-12	The Default Selling Price and Purchase Price of a product must never be a negative value.
BR-13	Upon creation, a product can be configured for Serial Tracking or Quantity Tracking. This configuration cannot be changed once the first import transaction occurs.
BR-14	Core electronic components (e.g., CPU, GPU, Mainboard, Laptop) must have the Serial Tracking flag enabled.
III. Warehouse & Inventory Management
BR-15	Warehouse Code must be unique. Two warehouses cannot share the same code.
BR-16	A warehouse cannot be deleted if the actual Quantity On Hand for any item within that warehouse is greater than 0.
BR-17	A warehouse cannot be deleted if there are pending Import, Export, or Transfer slips associated with it.
BR-18	A Low Stock Alert is automatically triggered when a product's inventory quantity reaches or falls below the configured Minimum Stock level.
IV. Import Management
BR-19	Every Import Slip must contain at least one line item with a quantity and unit price greater than 0.
BR-20	For serial-tracked products, an Import Slip cannot be completed unless the number of scanned physical serials exactly matches the declared import quantity.
BR-21	The system automatically rejects the import of a serial number if that exact serial currently exists with an "In Stock" status in the system.
BR-22	An Import Slip in "Draft" status allows modification of all information. Once transitioned to "Completed" status, it becomes immutable.
BR-23	Immediately upon completion of an Import Slip, the system adds the quantities to On-Hand Inventory and records the transaction for cost calculation.
V. Export Management
BR-24	The system blocks the creation of an Export Slip if the requested quantity exceeds the actual available Quantity On Hand in the source warehouse.
BR-25	Inventory quantities must never hold negative values (Negative inventory is strictly prohibited).
BR-26	When exporting a serial-tracked product, the exact physical serial numbers being removed must be scanned and identified.
BR-27	The WMS must validate exported serials: the serial must currently reside in the specific warehouse designated by the export slip. An error is thrown if the location mismatches.
BR-28	When an Export Slip reaches "Completed" status, inventory quantity is deducted, and the corresponding Serials change status to "Sold".
BR-29	The warranty period for serial-tracked products begins tracking (Warranty Start Date) from the date the Export Slip is recorded as Completed.
VI. Stock Transfer & Stocktake
BR-30	An internal Transfer Slip must have completely distinct Source and Destination Warehouses.
BR-31	While a physical warehouse is actively associated with an open Stocktake slip, no import or export transactions can be initiated or completed for that warehouse.
BR-32	A Stocktake slip must record both the System Quantity and the Actual Quantity counted at the time of inspection.
BR-33	Upon closing a Stocktake slip, if discrepancies exist, the system automatically generates an Inventory Adjustment Import (if Actual > System) or Inventory Adjustment Export (if Actual < System).
VII. BOM - Assembly & Disassembly
BR-34	An Assembly Order is only approved if the warehouse contains sufficient quantities of all component parts defined in the Bill of Materials (BOM).
BR-35	Upon completion of an Assembly Order, the system automatically generates an Export slip for the component parts and an Import slip for the Finished Good.
BR-36	When assembling a computer (PC) containing serial-tracked components, the system creates a Parent-Child relationship, locking the component serials to the finished case/system serial.
BR-37	A Disassembly Order reverses the process: it automatically deducts the finished good's inventory and adds back the inventory quantities of the separated components.
VIII. Warranty & Repair Management
BR-38	A Repair Ticket can only be successfully created for valid products: the Serial must exist in the system and be within its active Warranty Period.
BR-39	In any instance where the original warranty seal is found broken (Void Seal), the system requires the staff to change the status to "Warranty Denied" due to user-induced damage.
BR-40	When processing a warranty repair that requires part replacement, the spare parts issued are deducted from inventory as usual, but the Unit Price charged to the customer can be adjusted to 0 VND.
BR-41	Under the "100% Replacement" policy, the newly issued replacement device inherits the exact remaining warranty days of the defective device; it does NOT restart a new warranty cycle.
BR-42	If a customer requests the replacement of components that do not match the original BOM configuration standard, the system denies free warranty coverage for those third-party components.

Table 05: Business Rules
5.2 System Messages
#	Message code	Message Type	Context	Content
1	MSG01	In line	There is not any search result	No search results.
2	MSG02	In red, under the text box	Input-required fields are empty	The * field is required.
3	MSG03	Toast message	Updating asset(s) information successfully	Update asset(s) successfully.
4	MSG04	Toast message	Adding new asset successfully	Add asset successfully.
5	MSG05	Toast message	Confirming email of asset hand-over is sent successfully	A confirmation email has been sent to {email_address}.
6	MSG06	Toast message	Resetting asset information successfully	Return asset(s) successfully.
7	MSG07	Toast message	Deleting asset information successfully	Delete asset(s) successfully.
8	MSG08	In red, under the text box	Input value length > max length	Exceed max length of {max_length}.
9	MSG09	In line	Username or password is not correct when clicking sign-in	Incorrrect user name or password. Please check again.
10	..			

Table 06: System Messages
5.3 Other Requirements…
